operator said "Good afternoon Dr. Beth How are you? "
customer said "I'm very well thank you Alex. Nice to see you. Hello. "
operator said "And you too. Yes. Have you had a busy morning? "
customer said "Oh not too bad. It is all going well. Thank you. "
operator said "Well thank you for agreeing to be recorded today and I sent over the written consent. But I have not received it back yet. "
customer said "I am so sorry. I just have not done it. But but I did receive it so that is fine. Yeah. "
operator said "Well just to make you aware I just need read out the verbal consent statement if that's all right just to get your verbal agreement I will read that out now and you just tell me if you agree with it. So this meeting will be recorded for training and monitoring purposes. You understand and accept that by taking part in this meeting your personal data will be captured and recorded and may be processed for the purposes of improving our services. This includes being sent to third parties for these purposes only. You can find out more information about your data protection rights and how we use process and manage your data from our privacy policy on our website. Do you consent to Boehringer Ingelheim limited processing your data? "
customer said "I do. "
operator said "That's great. Ok sowe can proceed then. So I am delighted to be able to meet with you virtually today I'm aware that COPD lead to the practice. So I would like to discuss the management of your COPD patients and share some data with you. But firstly I would just like to find out ifthere's anything in particular in particular that you would like to discuss today? "
customer said "Mean I'm just interested in you Spiolto Respimat. Imean as you know I do like the Spiriva Respimat device I think from when we last spoke. You did share with me around the Spiolto and I have had a little go with Spiolto and Anoro but I'm just not I'm not quite sure how I can incorporate Spiolto into my prescribing. So if you've got any sort of data I mean I just think are all the LABA Lamas all the same really. "
operator said "Okay. Okay. So you just want some sort of clarification on the differences between the LABA LAMAS and where Spiolto might fit in to your management is that what I'm hearing? "
customer said "Absolutely. And I know there's been an update into the device as wellso I'm notsure what the differences are. "
operator said "Yeah. Yes. So the devices become reusable. So yeah. All of those aspects that you discussed and we have not got any head to head data but what we have got is obviously the other LABA LAMA are dry powders so I can show you the respimat is the only one which is soft mist so I can show you some data which compares the soft mist inhaler to the dry powders inhaler in terms of inspiratory effort. So I'll go through that with you to get my guidelines just to give you a reminder really because you've probably already seen them. But now that we have the the local guidelines changed as well in line with nice that might be something we could discuss as well is that OK with you? "
customer said "Yeah that would be good. And you know I'm very conscious that my patients tend to present to me on the phone at the moment. And the one thing I can sort of tell is is that breathlessness and if it deteriorates. So I'd be interested to know what data you have got to support breathlessness in my COPD patients. "
operator said "OK so you did mention that because last time we spoke you said you were going to try Spiolto. So you mentioned that you have tried in a few patients w hat sort of patients were they? "
customer said "Well they were as you know I used them. I used and have been using the LAMA basics. We had quite a lot of patientson the Handihaler and we moved them to the LAMA Spiriva. So because Tiotropium for me is this gold standard I tend to use the the LAMA. But it is it's it's one of those patients that become complicatedness. They become symptomatic. I might think they are overusing their blue inhalers. They're just going to have a little cough and some say yes it is this the patients that have been using a trial they own some people using their blue inhaler some people that I think are breathless I have used it on a few and they're getting on quite well with it. "
operator said "Right. So those that were breathless are you finding that they had an improvement in the breathlessness? "
customer said "it's a bit tricky to ascertain the moment. They haven't been telling me otherwise. But I think it's a bit early to be honest. Itwas only probably about six seven weeks ago that I started doing it. "
operator said "I understand it It's difficult at the moment because you're not doing a lot of face to face consultations. It must also make diagnosing COPD difficult as well. How are you doing that at the moment? "
customer said "We not really obviously people are exacerbating and going into hospital. It's it's very tricky to be honest with that. Without spirometry you know it's it's difficult to know. And I guess it's just around ensuring that we we have a correct diagnosis using old school parameters to understand whether or not they've got asthmatic features or they haven't and just being clear and understanding of what that that that is before we move forward with any medication. "
operator said "Must be difficult doing a lot telephone wise. Bet you're looking forward to that a return to normality. Yeah "
customer said "although I don't think it ever will become normal again. There will be a cohort of patients. I think I always will have telephone conversations with or you know virtual conversations with you know and and actually it's quite it's quite liberating to think that we we get to speak to patients that actually need our attention rather than perhaps some of the the worried. Well that is to take up quite a lot of our time in the practice. So we're trying to reach a young group of patients that normally are working and they do not come into the practice. So when we're looking through social prescribing of identifying patients that we haven't had a chance to do before. So it has its advantages. "
operator said "Yeah yes. Definitely respect that. Definitely agree that if it even in my job as well. Definitely. There's been some there's a lot of occasions where virtual stuff works well. Yeah. And so going back to the management of the COPD patients which guidelines do you tend to currently follow. "
customer said "I quite like nice if I'm honest I find them I find that quite straightforward it's quite a nice little algorithm to follow and obviously we've just had our local guidance updated Ibelieve in line with Nice. "
operator said "Yeah. Yes they're the policy was updated last year and and and like you say it sort of mirrors nice in terms of going from sarva straight to LAMA LABA. Yeah. That's I'm just going to pull up some data now and let me know if you can see. And my screen. "
customer said "Something's happening. OK. "
operator said "Can you see any anything at the moment? "
customer said "I can see inhalability "
operator said "Oh that's brilliant. OK and just while we're discussing this I just thought I'd pull them up as a reminder. And because as you can see I'm sureyou're aware that the local guidelines and there are in these now so recommending going straight from Asaba to LAMA LABA. And I know currently you're tending to use a LAMA. Is there anything preventing you missing that step and going straight to LAMA LABA at the moment? "
customer said "Well I think it's probably habitual if I'm honest. I think we've been reticent to sort of jumping straight with a LABA LAMA we thought we would you know manage the medication not give peopleundue amounts if they didn't need it. But I think the theory has changed now hasn't. I think they're obviously saying go straight in with a LABA LAMA just need to get my head around that. "
operator said "Yeah well I'll show you this data we have here regarding Spiolto so you're obviously using used Spiriva respimat and familiar with Tiotropium and I was discussed last time with you. But Spiolto is a mixture of Tiotropium which is the LAMA and Olodaterol which is the LABA part. So you have the the dual bronchodilator in there. So if you do have patients who it sort of optimising their breathlessness compared to just using Spiriva on its own. And this this is then as you can see here these are probably I am assuming all sorts of outcomes that you're hoping for when you're treating patients with COPD. "
customer said "Absolutely breathlessness is the ideal one and obviously lung deposition to enable people to continue their their day to day lives and obviously reduce exacerbations. "
operator said "That is just and making sure that patients can live as good a quality of life aspossible really to do everyday things that we all take for granted. And I just show you I mean it is we're all comparing Spiolto with Spriva Respimat. So as you can see here this is just looking at breathlessness using the Spiolto compared to the Spiriva, so 52 percent improvement in breathlessness. So I'm sure what do you think of those results? "
customer said "That's quite impressive. I would never have said it would be as good as Pigott so I can't speak as large as that. I mean that is quite significant isn't it 52 percent. "
operator said "Yeah wellI think it just sort of hopefully gives you the confidencethat by using the the dual bronchodilator you are improving breathlessness and lung function was quite similar as well when you use Spiolto compared to Spiriva 53 percent improvement. So quite a similar figure there. "
customer said "Actually I think I can see that that was over three months which is quite good a good yardstick to to measure those improvements I guess. "
operator said "We do have a wealth of data so if you would like any any of the "
customer said "to be to be honest Alex I'm I'm sort of sold on Boehringer products I mean I do I do think and I think it is just it's just me getting my head around instigating a LABA LAMA earlier. And I do like the respimat device but I'd be interested to know more. What is it? I mean I have tried Anoro as well. You know is there is there any sort of data comparing us to Anoro? "
operator said "This is not going head to head w ith Anoro in terms of devices we have this can you see this? "
customer said "Yeah I can. "
operator said "So if you look at the devices and obviously the Anoro comes in the ellipta you can see this looks at inspiratory effort you can see here out of them all I mean most of the in fact all of the devices that are used in the LABA LAMA class of the inhalers were on the elipta can see the respimat has the lowest inspiratory effort to achieve optimal flow rate. "
customer said "And that is the green line is it? Yes. Yes. This is the yellow line. Yeah. Quite significantly different inspiratory effort. "
operator said "So let's this shows the lung deposition as well which is obviously important because you are the most lund deposition you can get so much compared to the ellipta inhaler in Janumet as well. So just to just to reassure you really on the device aspect that you patients you know they're already breathless. So if you give them a device where they they potentially need more inspiratory effort than you know it's obviously easier for them if they have a lower inspiratory like the respimat device. And the reassurance that lung position as well will be there. "
customer said "I'm so sorry. We just got a bit of noise. "
operator said "No problem. So I taking those slides down just so that I can see you again and. Just really wanted to know your thoughts really on the data I have just shown you. It was quite a lot of data at once but I know you were asking about comparing the LABA LAMA and sort of where Spiolto might fit in so has that covered everything that you wanted to discuss? "
customer said "Yeah it has really. I mean as you know I know the respimat device I know how how to use it I've sold on that and and I think you were just going to say what the updates were with with the new refill and and I think there are some advantages from us from an environmental perspective but from a clinical perspective I really think I justneed to identify those patients that are breathless those patients that could be put straight to a LABA LAMA. And I see that the lung deposition and the inspiratory inspiratory effort those two things alone I think would make the the respimat device my first choice in the LABA LAMA market to be honest because I think if a breathless patient is feeling breathless it's very hard for them to get a dry powder into their lungs. So I would go to that first I think. "
operator said "that is great. So obviously we have discussed that you are doing telephone consultations a lot of the time. Now how do you think that you would get those patients who maybe potentially are breathless on a therapy or you know newly diagnosed and then it's quite difficult at the moment h ow do you think that you would get those patients on to Spiolto? "
customer said "well I can review those that are on a LAMArespimat device or another LAMA that are currently perhaps over using a blue inhaler. And I can review with my nurse any help potential patients through our phone conversations that we have a concern about and we can trial them on spiolto. So as we're getting back into the swing of things after covid you know there will be some opportunities to do that over. "
operator said "Yeah yeah definitely. So I'll show you the changes that happen to the respimat so it has become reusable. And I know you said you have had a couple of patients who prescribe the refill cartridge for and we do have a support guide which might make it easier for you to "
customer said "ping it over and I can give it to my IT people again. I think you said it's got alerts and notifications that we can put on the system. "
operator said "That's right. Yes. It's a bit easier to help the clinicians remember to prescribe the refill cartridges because now it has if you can take them off the base of a much larger base with a big dose counter so that is the cartridges. "
customer said "Oh yeah. "
operator said "And on the "
customer said "what is the color significant Alex? "
operator said "so the last 10 shows in yellow. Normally it would look like a camera like that. Yeah until the last 10 which will show in yellow as you can see that was just starting and then when it is completely empty, you get a red arrow and even if the patient has not noticed that it is going to red arrow the next time they go to turn it the clear base will come off so they can't carry on using. "
customer said "No that's really good. "
operator said "So is a good feedback system and I don't think you can see that it's got little box but the patient can record when they've had a new cartridge that basically the environmental aspect. Do you think that one patient what they would use in a year potentially 12 inhalers is now going to two inhalers and equipment. And that's that's just one patient. And the landfill that could create it is a big difference. And in terms of the product carbon footprint as well t hat is 71 percent reduction by using the cartridges compared to the and you know using a device. So I think there's a big awareness now in the NHS about the environmental impact. So anything I can do to help you transition those patients over to a refill cartridge just let me know. I will send that guide to you. But if you need any more support we do have these patient support. "
customer said "They would be brilliant. We would like some of those. Definitely be great for nurse and that would help. Presumably you're talking to pharmacists as well. "
operator said "Yes. Yes it can be the community pharmacists as well that you know from from everyaspect that the patient has support with that as well. "
customer said "So that sounds great. Thank you Alex. really useful. "
operator said "So I am conscious that you're probably busy and you've probably got a clinic to go to following our discussiontoday what would you think you would do differently? I know you said you you would probably use Spiolto as a first line choice but is there anything else that you do differently? "
customer said "Well I think I need to sort of reiterate what you've shared with my partners. And I think we need to think as a practice how we move this forward. It might be that we we invite you back again Alex to do a group session and also to catch up with my nurse. I think that might be very useful so that we're all on the same page. I'm going to have a go myself so I can do my own little mini trial and see how I get on. So maybe if we catch up in about six weeks time it'll give me a bit of time to start finding those patients and reviewing them. And then I can let you know how I've got on. And then we can start perhaps sharing some of those successes hopefully with the rest of my colleagues "
operator said "that would be brilliant. So if I send you an email with a few dates in about "
customer said "well this day in time suits me really well. So just six weeks from now I will be fine. "
operator said "I'll send you a calendar invite for that then. And we do have an email can send you as well as do telephone consultations with the clinicians have found it really useful because it is like a downloadable checklist for patients to the respimat. So just sort of a checklist of questions to ask. "
customer said "And so it was very helpful. "
operator said "And hey that is great. That's great. Yeah brilliant. Thank you very much. And I'll speak to you in six weeks. I looking forward to it here by."