customer said "Hello Sharn speaking."
operator said "Oh Hi Sharn it's Laura from Astrazenica."
customer said "Hello Laura. yes thank you."
operator said "Good good, are we still okay to carry on the appointment?"
customer said "Yes carry on love."
operator said "Perfect are you in front of your computer?"
customer said "I am."
operator said "Perfect, So if you open up an Internet page and then type in AZ meeting dot co dot UK. Then it should take a page or so you name it an access code. Is that where you are?"
customer said "Yep"
operator said "yep so just your first name is fine and then the access code is two five eight. Two zero two and then click send. And just while we wait for that to load or they just need to remind you that my calls are recorded for training and quality. At minute you should see the screen pop up that's got the dragon on it."
customer said "With a dragon."
operator said "Yes brilliant. And so just to sort of recap what we spoke about last time and you said that you've experienced challenges with both breathlessness and exacerbations with the patients and the device continuity is something that's quite important to you."
customer said "Yep."
operator said "These patients tend to prefer MDIs as opposed to dry powder for COPD as well as experience issues with the inspiratory flow with the DPI. So if we had a bit of a chat around the fact that Trixeo and Bevespi are now available both in PMDI device."
customer said "Yes."
operator said "And I think we were just about to start talking around the clinical data when your phone rang. So she said I'm sorry. Did you want me to recap on that We went over last time?"
customer said "No its fine, just to let you know that I've actually started two people on this."
operator said "Oh have you. That was going to be one of my next if you got to use any because I know you said you did have a couple of patients in mind."
customer said "Yes."
operator said "So was is Trixeo or Bevespi that you've used?"
customer said "Trixeo."
operator said "Perfect And what sort of patient group are the patients you've trialed it on?"
customer said "two yet two of your classic COPD patients frequent exacerbated the symptoms of breathlessness. Two of them were both on trilogy they were complaining about worse at night worse in the evening."
operator said "Right okay."
customer said "So I thought we'd give it a go."
operator said "OK so it's not patients who stepped up on to a triple. You've actually taken those wonderful were they quite happy to give it a go?"
customer said "Yeah. Yeah."
operator said "Oh great news. Have you got them booked in for a follow up. Follow up?"
customer said "yeah in a couple of weeks time."
operator said "Wonderful. And so it might be if it's ok with you good for me to follow up with yourself again. It maybe a months time just to get patient a bit of feedback if that's OK."
customer said "Yeah yeah yeah."
operator said "Yeah. Well hopefully that's what we're going to talk about today. You encourage me to make you feel more confident to try it any from more patients. But it's absolutely amazing that you've already used it two. I think last time we did start talking about the sort of stereotypical patient from the softs trial. Yeah. Yes you're ICS LABA patient. And you agreed that you've got quite a few patients like this but you have a particular patient in mind that was really struggling with quality of life because of their COPD. And you said that this is the sort of patient where you would think yep they need to step up onto triple therapy. Yeah perfect. So just to talk you around some of the data then as to why Trixeo in particular can be a really great option for these sort of patients because I seem to remember as well you said that your patients are really anxious around the COPD at the moment because of the pandemic."
customer said "Covid Yeah. yeah. Yeah that's right."
operator said "So if you step your patients up like Mike onto Trixeo It will actually give them a reduction in exacerbations they can see here compared to both your therapies we significantly reduced moderate and severe exacerbations a 24 percent reduction compared to a LABA LAMA and a 13 percent reduction compared to ICF LABA."
customer said "Excellent."
operator said "So what do you think that would mean to your patients all fearful of having an exacerbation anxious around their COPD?"
customer said "Well I think what what is good with with new inhalers is that you get really good sort of visual guidelines that you can show the patients."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "And then you can show that it's actually been proved in trials and they start to use it with a positive attitude anyway."
operator said "Yes."
customer said "Because a lot of patients when they when they really you know they COPD is really driving them crackers especially in this climate now where they're afraid to go over the door in case they catch Covid. Even if they have their vaccination they really worried is that it is that they think oh she's just she's just giving me another inhaler try this try this. You know and some of them have been down the road where doctors sometimes sort of give them a different inhaler every fortnight and none of them have done any good you know and they and they come with a really sort of negative negative outlook. But if you've got something that you can actually show them you know I'm a big believer in showing patients research because."
operator said "yes."
customer said "It's one thing to say to them oh well in trials but if you can actually show them especially things like these blocks you know where the different coloured blocks. And you can see visually that there is you know we prove to be working then they start to use it with a much more positive attitude."
operator said "Yeah yeah. It encourages them to think yeah this is going to make a difference to my life."
customer said "Exactly."
operator said "I'll try it."
customer said "And they'll give it a go then. Yes."
operator said "Yes yes yes. Oh no. That's great. That sort of helps you have that conversation with patients and get them on board because that is really important isn't it to make sure the patient."
customer said "It is I mean in a similar way I do it with patients with diabetes. If we are switching a treatment or we switch to that insulin you know putting them on insulin you've got to be able to show these people you know yes we are we are. You know it does work because otherwise you just go in with a negative attitude. And you know and I know that these things don't work overnight anyway. You know but most most drugs need a couple of days at the very least to get into your system and start working properly. So it does give them a little bit of positivity to carry on trying it."
operator said "Yeah yeah. Not just give up at the first hurdle that they might have with it. Yeah. Oh brilliant. So yeah. Really really positive then that this is going to help you with your conversations. Yeah. And on top of the exacerbation data as well we also reduced hospitalization for COPD"
customer said "Right good."
operator said "compared to LAMA LABA 16 percent reduction and compared to IBS LABA 20 percent reduction. So again it's helping with that anxiety if your patients isn't it. So if you have an exacerbation are they going to end up in hospital and then going to end up catching Covid and so on?"
customer said "Exactly yeah."
operator said "So to be able to give them that reassurance that you can help protect against COPD hospitalizations. Again it's just going to encourage patients to give it a go a little bit more isn't it."
customer said "That's right. Yeah yeah. Yeah."
operator said "So have you got any questions around the exacerbation or hospitalization data at all Sharn?."
customer said "No no. that's fine thats fine."
operator said "So I think that's the standard stuff you expect to see from a triple therapy but one of the prespecified secondary endpoints from the trial was actually looking at all cause mortality."
customer said "All right."
operator said "Possible to reduce all cause mortality by using Trixeo. So what you can see on this graph. Sharn it's a standard Gaplin Meyer analysis so essentially the higher up the graph sadly the higher the mortality rate for the patient. So each step on there represents one patient death essentially."
customer said "Yeah."
operator said "So the black line at the top is the LABA LAMA line. The orange line in the middle is the ISEF LABA and then the tail line at the bottom is Trixeo. So what you'll notice is that straight away the lines begin to separate and remain separated over the 52 week trial period. And there's actually 49 percent reduction compared to Trixeo and the LABA LAMA arm so offered a forty nine percent reduction in all cause moratlity compared to LABA LAMA yes to bring that to life just a little bit more in a reasonably big trial with over eight and a half thousand patients."
customer said "right."
operator said "over that 52 week period there was 30 deaths of patients that were treated with compared to 56 deaths. The patients treated with LABA LAMA so that that one year 26 fewer people died as a result of being treated with Trixeo. So what would that mean to you and your clinical practice?"
customer said "Well I mean where we are you know we are we are in a socially deprived area. We've got huge high incidence of COPD. We've got huge history of smoking steel-working coal miners. You know we got all the things that make half the population have COPD in this area."
operator said "Yeah"
customer said "our health service just like everyone else is stretched to the limit and even without Covid it's stretched to the limit on the number of patients who end up in hospital. In the winter. With COPD exacerbations it go on to goodness knows what is awful. So anything that reduces deaths by even one percent is going to be a bonus because some of these people are not always you know they're not old people. Some of them are only in their 60s 70s and they you know they had a life left in them. And unfortunately you know this is how it goes here because we are up against it. You know we are getting better. You know we are getting the message about smoking is getting through to most people. And you know the number of people who've worked in heavy industry is less now obviously because of time. But it's still a big big problem. So you know any reduction is going to be a bonus."
operator said "Yeah definitely. Because if you think about the families of these patients represented on this graph."
customer said "Oh god. Yeah yeah."
operator said "they're going to want that their family members to be on that line."
customer said "Exactly Yes that's right."
operator said "Yeah. Because the difference it's made to those 26 lives that were saved and their families."
customer said "Well this is it. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Exactly. Yeah."
operator said "And when you when you look at the numbers needed to treat as well it means that you actually only need to treat 80 patients with Trixeo to save one life."
customer said "That's fabulous, that's Brilliant."
operator said "So do you think that data from Esos then would encourage you to consider Trixeo sort of your first line triple therapy?"
customer said "Oh definitely. Yeah. Yeah yeah."
operator said "Yes. Always great to hear you can see the benefits for that patient cohort. So have you got any questions around that or are you Happy for me to move on?"
customer said "No that's fine to move on."
operator said "Yes brilliant So just to refresh your memory then Sharn so Cronos was it's unique trial for COPD because we looked at non exacerbation patients 74 percent of the patients in Cronos haven't had an exacerbation in the previous 12 months. Very reflective I think of what's happening in surgeries at the moment because like we said last time COPD patients haven't had as many exacerbations over the last winter as they normally would have done because I'm not saying all of them. Yeah yeah. So this is Barbara she sort of represents the patients from Cronos. She's moderate COPD patient currently on a LABA LAMA. She's still experiencing shortness of breath and lacking energy. And she uses rescue inhalers twice a day to manage the symptoms. flair up. She's actually noticed a breathlessness has worsened within the past year as well. So is this quite a common patient picture?"
customer said "This is a very common picture."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "Really common. Yeah. These are the patients that we I wouldn't say struggle but this is these are the patients that you really want to be able to say try this. It will work. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you want. You want something that's going to make a big difference because we got a lot of these people."
operator said "Yes."
customer said "I mean you know some of them are younger some of them are older. But this is my bug bare with that. I struggle with patients are struggling with COPD."
operator said "Yes. Just just managing those Day-To-Day symptoms and sort of can think of a particular patient. Well what is the biggest impact to you them for their COPD and quality of life?"
customer said "Well I I actually got a lady who's around. She's a little bit younger than this one on here. She's been diagnosed I mean she was misdiagnosed some years ago as an asthmatic so she's now being properly diagnosed lung function spirometry etc. She's on a LAMA LABA. She's never had an exacerbation and she's going to be a big problem is breathlessness she's a she's a big big history of smoking you know especially the you know plus a day for God knows how long she's Quit now. She's quit about four years ago but it's just breathlessness. She she she lives in a bungalow but if she walks she talks she walks the little dog around the corner. She's puffing on a ventalin struggling for breath. She gets up from we go step up to the souji. And if she wants to come up at the end with her. So she sits in the waiting room and you can actually hear her puffing and panting from the room. Yeah she's on. Oh don't think she's she's on Kierra."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "Which is a LABA LAMA combination. Think twice a day. She's on that at the moment. She's she's a little bit better on that but she's not it's not really solved the problem."
operator said "It's really impacted her day to day quality of life and I imagine it's quite heartbreaking for her isn't it if you struggle."
customer said "Well it is because i think she's about 57 you know and"
operator said "not even an old patient."
customer said "She's got Grandkids she can't play with them you know it's terrible."
operator said "Yeah. So do you ever consider stepping patients like that to a triple therapy to see what benefit it would give to them?"
customer said "It's crossed my mind several times we are we have some how can I put this tactfully now we've got local health board that are a guideline orientated completely and utterly. If it's not on the guidelines don't do it. You know one of the ways we do you get under the radar at times. But I certainly certainly thought about it to this lady and especially since I spoke to you last year I thought think and I thought well I waited till today you know when you know listen to the data and I'll go for it because it's going to be done. Yeah."
operator said "Yeah definitely. If I just go back to the nice guidlines as well I do fully appreciate you've got to follow the health board guidance and the all Wales guidelines but with the nice guidance. its this middle group here if their having late stay symptoms and its having impacting that quality of life NICE do say to consider a 3 month trial of triple therapy and step back down. And obviously what I'm going to show you now about the data for Trixeo really does show that for that particular patient that you've just talked about and many of the patients that sort of fit into that category yeah they can really help help these sort of patients because despite the fact that it is a non exasibating patient group you'll see Trixeo actually reduced exacerbations by 52 percent compared to those who were on a LABA LAMA so its helping to protect them against having an exacerbation. And as we know as soon as they have one exacerbation as we know it has a massive effect on lung function and never regained its progressive isn't it, its a knock on effect, the more they have the worse they get so to prevent to prevent them from happening. And to keep that lung function for as long as possible is what's going to be crucial for these patients forward to stop them turning into the patient that we just talked about Mike."
customer said "Exactly. Yeah yeah yeah."
operator said "So can that sort of does that encourage you to."
customer said "Oh yeah."
operator said "Get that patient in that you've just mentioned and try and get them on Trixeo."
customer said "Yes definitely. Yeah. Yeah."
operator said "But we have and on that on top of that as well. We also reduced hospitalizations by 64 percent compared to a LABA LAMA. So to sort of bring that to life every hundred patients treated with Trixeo only five would have been hospitalized compared to 13 and every hundred on LABA LAMA. So it's eight patients in one hundred having to go through the hospitalization experience."
customer said "Exactly."
operator said "And deal with the the knock on effects of that and the anxiety levels and things like."
customer said "Yeah that's right. Yeah."
operator said "So do you think now for that patient cohort then that are on LABA LAMA is and still really struggling with their day to day symptoms you will start them on Trixeo?"
customer said "Yeah definitely. Yeah"
operator said "yeah amazing stuff. So if you got any questions on any of the data side of things at all."
customer said "No no no. It's all pretty clear and easily understood."
operator said "Brilliant. So the last thing really than to just touch on is the device side of things. So we've been through the fact that you've got Trixeo and bevespi in the PMDI device so you've got that device continuity."
customer said "Yeah."
operator said "And I think last time I sort of briefly touched on the technology within there but didn't go into too much detail. But is a PMDI as you know because you've already got the aerospace technology in there which just helps to set it apart from standard off the shelf PMDI so their innovative and aerodynamic porous particles in there help to deliver whole lung coverage. So you get around a 40 percent long deposition without a spacer. So when you compare that to your standard PMDI's there are only around 10 to 20 percent. So you see the benefits of using Trixeo."
customer said "Yeah exactly."
operator said "Yeah. Yeah. But obviously if you use a Spacer that lung deposition is likely to increase even further. But you've always got that reassurance that If your patient doesn't use the spacer for whatever reason they're still going to get that 40 percent lung deposition."
customer said "That's good thats excellent."
operator said "Yep. And then they also benefit if the aerosphere technology is that you get because it forms a stable suspension within the device. So even with a 60 second delay between shaking and actuation you'll still get a steady dose. So it gives your patients a little bit longer especially if they all use in space to sort of shake it and take the inhalation. And it also means you get consistent drug delivery throughout the life of the device as well."
customer said "Thats good thats good."
operator said "I don't know if you've ever had patients on MDI Sharn where they've said towards the end of the month they don't feel as well control yet."
customer said "Oh yes very common Yeah."
operator said "So you'll get rid of that problem essentially when using trixeo and bevespi because they will get exactly the same benefit at the end of the month as they do at the moment. So it really helps overcome that the other aspect of the devices the on set time. I know you said that your patients generally don't get along well that well with trilogy anyway but you get an improved on set time with Trixeo as well because it's five minutes compared to 15 to 20 minutes."
customer said "That's a big factor with patients. They won't be won't you know which is understandable. Yeah I think gasping for breath They wanted."
operator said "That's especially with COPD patients. They normally need thier inhaler in the morning to sort of get up out of bed. But then again the reverse in the evening they need to take it so they can get ready for bed and things like that. So yes you've got that twice Daily Dose in which you said is important to you with that 5 minute on set time. So yeah that's pretty much everything that I wanted to cover off with you. Any final questions at all?"
customer said "No I don't think so. It would be would be interesting to see how the patients get on with it. Yeah yeah yeah. So yeah that's great."
operator said "So obviously everything that we've been through over the course of today and last week what do you think resonates the most with about Trixeo?"
customer said "I think the data the the good underpinning data."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "The fact that it's it's an inhaler that is. Is a modified MDI so gives a good dose and could be used with the spacer is important and obviously the patients can take it twice a day. So you know there is a psychological aspect to them as well. Yes they are taking they are taking something twice a day. So it's going to help them in the evening because that stuff's probably the biggest complaint. The thing that they complain of most is by 8:00 9:00 o'clock in the evening like you said they go to bed they go to get undressed and their absolutely gasping for breath and they have already had their trelogy you know so."
operator said "then they start relying on thier blue releviers."
customer said "Exactly. And then there puffing on ventilatin all night. Yeah."
operator said "Yeah good. Brilliant. So do you think you will start using trixeo ahead trelogy and trimbo now will your COPD patients?"
customer said "Yeah I think so. Definitely."
operator said "Wonderful. And have you got any more patients in mind that you thinking?"
customer said "I've got loads love, how long have you got?"
operator said "Oh that's great to listen to you all day about how many patients you've got."
customer said "Oh gosh. Yes yes yes. Definitely."
operator said "yes. Is it just sort of a case of when they come in for reviews, youll be talking to them about trixeo?"
customer said "You know with with covid cases dropping? We are as nurses been seeing people face to face throughout but we are we all sort of go we try to go back now to getting our reviews done face to face reviews. We still cant do spirometry at the moment because of the covid restrictions. But at least we can see we can do that so we can listen to their chest. You know we can we all see more patients now. And of course fortunately most of all COPD patients are in the age bracket where they've got their vaccines as well which is great."
operator said "Yeah definitely."
customer said "I get back to a bit of normality."
operator said "Yes."
customer said "At long last."
operator said "Yes definitely. We're getting there slowly"
customer said "We are slowly getting there Yeah yeah yeah."
operator said "So I guess it makes it easy for you to change medications if you actually see patients face to face."
customer said "Oh yeah. Yeah. You know you can you can ring people up like you could ring up asthmatics and ask the standard questions and say how you doing and if you got a problem ring me. But you can't do that with COPD because it's just that you need to be looking at them. You need to be listening to them and you know looking at the colour of their face and you need to be actually doing that with them. So. So yeah it's getting back to normal quietly. So. Yeah thank goodness."
operator said "So is there anything else that you need for me to sort of help you moving forward? You want some placebo sent into?"
customer said "some placebos would be lovely."
operator said "Yep. Yep. I'll get some of these sent across to you then. How many would be useful for you Sharn?"
customer said "just two to three would be fine. two or three yeah."
operator said "And do you need any patient support materials for Symbicort as well whilst on putting some things in the post."
customer said "No I got loads of stuff for Symbicort. Thank you."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "We like Symbicort. Info Yeah."
operator said "yeah yeah. Because they do they like this. I'm on Symbicort as well. So talking about maintenance and reliever therapy and how to help with SABA over use obviously the factors licence from the age of 12. So the adolescent."
customer said "Yeah."
operator said "Would you be interested in booking some time out to do an update on Symbicort?"
customer said "I'll leave it for now if you don't mind Biggest problem is my my colleague is off on long too sick so chaotic at the moment. I'm the only lead in the building when I go home Elvis has left the building you know."
operator said "Yes. No no that's absolutely no problem. But just quickly you know I don't know if you've had the update that we do actually have an MDI licence for asthma in Symbicort now as well."
customer said "Yes yes."
operator said "yeah yeah yeah. Perfect"
customer said "and I can send you across a license and dose card that has had the prescriber of the turbohailer on there I can send it by email it. You can't see it very well on this image but obviously it will be a lot bigger when I send it to you via email. Just a nice cheat guide as a remember remember how to how to prescribe each type of Symbicort and what age range it is licenced from so would that be useful if I ping that across to you? Yeah that would be Brilliant"
operator said "via e-mail Sharn."
customer said "Brilliant."
operator said "Yeah. Wonderful. So I'll get across to you. let me Just double check you've been signed to email. Sharn dot Gould at Wales at NHS dot UK?"
customer said "thats me."
operator said "I'll get that over this afternoon to you and then it's OK to touch base with you again in maybe four weeks time to get that feedback?"
customer said "give you a bit of update."
operator said "Is it possible to book in a date and time or is it best for me to try you on a Thursday?"
customer said "Thursday's the best day Because I'm half day so you know I can talk for Wales then. And yes even in patients sitting in the waiting room. Right. I'm just going away north in the beginning of may. Right. So if you want to do four weeks today."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "that's the Twenty seventh."
operator said "Yeah. Around 12 45 again."
customer said "Yeah. That would be brilliant. Yeah."
operator said "Yeah. I'll pencil into then. OK and then we can have a bit of a natter as to how you get sort of any questions between now and then."
customer said "Yes."
operator said "make a note of them and I can answer them. You."
customer said "OK lovely."
operator said "Wonderful. Well thank you so much for your time again today."
customer said "Yes."
operator said "Hopefully you found today helpful as well and that gives you that confidence to use it in that other patient cohort moving forward. And I'll catch up with you in four weeks."
customer said "OK my Love you take care. Have a good weekend."
operator said "Have a great weekend. Take care. Bye bye."
customer said "Bye. Bye bye."