operator said "Let's just wait to see what comes up. It's just started so Dr. Williams thank you very much for your time today. How are things?"
customer said "Pretty busy. Pretty busy as always cleaning out of their expertise in Zoflora these days."
operator said "Oh have you of that is that's for that's for a different course. So last time we spoke and you were very busy then and we didn't have a lot of time to talk and we talked about Fultium D3 and and in particular we talked about you know at risk groups. And you mentioned that. And you're seeing my screen coming up. Your demographics are in elderly population. You've got a high BAME community as well. And we talked back then about these patients that were shielding as well. And also you know obviously that there have a higher risk of vitamin D deficiency. And we didn't have a lot of time to kind of go through it. So hence why we got another call in today to kind of go into a bit more detail. So you know apparently you know 40 percent of generic prescriptions are filled with an unlicensed food supplement. Just remind me what is the protocol of prescribing vitamin D in your practice?"
customer said "Well the challenge we have is looking at the protocol of those patients at risk or demonstrated vitamin D deficiency. We are prescribed products for those people who are maintenance their told to get it over the counter mix but whatever happens that who knows I think is the reality. I think there's a protocol in the real world. The real world is we have no idea whether people take it out on their own but they possibly won't even tell you where your medicines review. They would say you don't always go through what supplements you're taking as well. So I think the honest position of most people they do see the health boards and why they will tell you to do one thing. The reality is that we will know some of it and we won't knoq all of it. That's that's the truth."
operator said "And so for a loading dose is there a general protocol coming from the healthboard or the CCG to prescribe, is it generically?"
customer said "All the drive at the moment is generically. I think the point about it for them is cost containment. Yeah. So so there not seeing a differentiation by brand that pushes everybody to to do as cheap as possible the pros and cons to that. I think the biggest problem we have is that people complain that when one month and another month and they're all the same as you know because they taste different they look different the different packaging that people get worried whether they're in Greek. But they used to be something which might be alright for some."
operator said "Yeah that is really interesting. So what I'm saying is CCG are pushing generic. 800 over the counter and you have no idea whether these patients are getting it taking it what have you. So where I would like to kind of get to today is to identify we talked about last time those at risk groups of patients in your practice but also to give you confidence and prescribe a licensed vitamin D of Fultium D3 that offers you a simple dosing regime not just for you but also for your patients as well. How's that sound?"
customer said "That sounds great. I think it's one of the ones where you have to have an agreed, Yeah I think one of the situations with this is having a process which is understandable because in reality becuase its one of the foundations of for care often we don't see as important."
operator said "Yeah no absolutely. So you mentioned CCG generic prescribing and you mentioned you know cost. Is that why you think that is the reason behind generic prescribing?"
customer said "Oh no doubt at all I think."
operator said "That is really really interesting that it comes to vitamin D prescribing so if you were to write a generic 800 RU Colecalciferol script that will cost three pound sixty? OK so that's what you charged at. So if you were then to do an 800 RU of Fultium D3 that would cost you three pound sixty. OK yeah there's no difference in cost. There's absolutely no cost savings for you to do a generic prescription. And the reason behind that is because of the drug tariff. So Fultium was first to market and they based it on the price of Fultium. So it is really interesting that your CCG is pushing you to prescribe generic when actually there's no cost benefit to it at all. Just one thing to really note about. Prescribing generically is about the unlicenced I mentioned the beginning of this 40 percent generic prescriptions are filled with an unlicensed food supplement and I'll just if I can share my screen again for you so. The people who actually make the money are the pharmacists interestingly enough. So what you'll find is is that you have a prescription for generic. They can choose then whatever deal they've got whether it's licensed or unlicensed and they're the ones making the money. And I have a situation not so long back, very similar situation to what you ran to the CCG GP's advised to prescribe generic to this patient and always have Fultium. And they have picked up a prescription that was generic. They obviously looked at the ingredients because they've got a peanut allergy and that this patient didn't take it. So this is what you have with your unlicenced preparations. You don't actually know. And like you mentioned they come in different sizes. And it's it's so confusing for those patients. And this is just to kind of reinforce that message of why it's so important to prescribe branded and branded Fultium D3, so you know that when that patient gets that script in their hand they can go down to the pharmacy and get a licensed product because they might be picking up something like I mentioned that has got peanut oil in. But actually, you do not know how much of the dose is in. So just really really quickly. I know you are extremely busy. This is just a study in one study that shows content versus claimed to show and how much of the doses in the vitamin D preparations. And of the 13 preparations only sorry 11 failed and the two that passed with a license. So you talk about you know patients go in to pick up a 800 script from the pharmacy. You said about not actually knowing whether they take it or not. But actually what's really important if they do get it you don't know what doses it is. What do they have? It might be a high dose. It might be a low dose. And so you know bear in mind. You know what we have discussed. Is there anything that particularly you would do differently now from having this conversation?"
customer said "I think it is having a practice level discussion. It's not just me it's about discussions. It is a really really good point. Safety is a big issue. Compliance is probably in reality the biggest issue. I think what we need to do is find out why people are taking things and why they're not taking things. And I think maybe there's an advantage to having a consistency. Yeah. So people can see that you are taking it seriously. I think it also gives people the idea that we are cost saving so therefore it's not important. Yeah it does make feel a bit uncomfortable. So to answer your question in a roundabout kind of way if possible it would be an idea to maybe get you back into the practice and the pharmacist because our generic approach to generics looks like it's not a good idea. And obviously we want simplicity but we do not want simplistic approaches. So yeah no I think that's probably a way forward."
operator said "So going back to patients then and now. You know we talked about elderly population. You've got a BAME community as well. What are those red flags that you have when you see a patient with vitamin D deficiency? One of the symptoms that you kind of you see?"
customer said "I think I think that if I'm honest the reality is it's more looking at the elderly. Sometimes it's those who have fallen. OK yeah. Those people who are at risk of breaking a bone or maybe have broken a bone sometimes that the horse has bolted in that scenario is that you're already going to miss the chance you're probably looking at with long term steroid use. So low BMI I would have thought to be honest with that we do not have a systematize for flagging red flags we have for some of this is pretty restricted to bone health really. We have a some some level of ethnic minority community people here but not a huge number. But yeah you know we never get the sun so."
operator said "Yeah. So yeah common symptoms of vitamin D deficiency are tiredness, your weakness which could be every single patient that you've probably seen today but is looking at your bone pain, you know they talk about wrist pain in children ankle pain groin pain and it's those type of red flags that we kind of see in vitamin D deficiency. So. If you have a patient now what would be the current treatment do you have a loading does would you just do maintenance what would your treatment pathway look like?"
customer said "It would be simple, starting on a single dose as minimum as possible unless we don't see the extreme. The vast vast majority of people in their practices about the majority not the minority on the whole. That's one of the challenges. The general practice is that the treating aggressive patients rather than having the odd chance of getting a patient is pretty minimal to get rid of elderly patient at risk of falling and breaking a bone is likely. Is hundreds of them on our books? Yeah probably the best thing to do is not actually change what you do on a day to day basis is actually do an audit of what is done already."
operator said "Yeah and the reason why I asked about this I'm conscious that a lot of feedback from customers is that is this a lot of confusion over vitamin D Dosing, there is a lot of advice and people do high dose and some people do low dosing and it gets quite confusing. And that is why I asked you about what what would that treatment process look like and so they are aware the process. Again let me just share my side to this and so the ROS advocate a 300000 IU dose for a treatment which again sounds really high. But what we you know one of the things I wanted to making it simple, you talked about simple. You want simple. This is really simple to look at. So what we have is a 3200 IU capsule. So that is one a day to 12 weeks to give you the three hundred thousand. And then what you do then is a maintenance dose and obviously the 800 so know then if you write a 800 IU script and you that the patients are getting it, they're not buying something as a counter because when you can't monitor it you don't know what other products are taken as well. And it's quite hard like you said to maintain that. So we just wanted to make sure that it's a simple message because feedback is it can be quite confusing. How does that sound?"
customer said "It sounds great but I suppose looking at that as a recommendation it's still quite complicated for the elderly someone who is 70 years of age remevering all that. It's a it's a challenge."
operator said "What would you then what would your advice be then? So you think that three thousand two hundred once a day?"
customer said "Yeah they they're going to be the sort of population you're going to give this to a lot of this stuff. And it has for the last year, is I think the default to having the simplest regime once a day and then you'll transition and"
operator said "So it is once a day."
customer said "I think we aspire to do the simplest. Simplest regime as possible because we don't want to create a compliance hurdles for folks who are likely to be on other stuff."
operator said "Yeah and you know it fits in an doss of boxes, obviously if you've got elderly patients. It's very small capsule. I don't know have never seen it. You know it's it's small easy to swallow and the color coded. And that's the other thing for elderly patients as well. So you'll know that the 12 weeks with different colors and 3200 to the 800. Yeah. And I think like you said patient compliance is a big thing you want patients to take it. So having the simplest option is obviously the best way forward. So you know. You mentioned about perhaps me coming in to present to you team how you know how would this look like? Is it something that you want me to present that something that the clinical pharmacist could get involved? How does it look?"
customer said "I think the clinical pharmacists would probably be the best start because what we really need to know is what we're doing there. OK yeah I think it's it's then comparing against the what we should be doing and then having a pathway to be able to make them come aligned because I bet you believe that what we are doing is not what we we're supposed to do I think vary depending on who's doing what. So it's an easy one to have. Good for us to do an audit on as well because it's good practice. We're always happy to do that. And you highlighted something which is actually we've got treatment pathway are we doing it or is it? And if we're not then we change it."
operator said "So the next step then is it something that we can arrange meeting for the practice clinical pharmacist to get me to present and and go from there?"
customer said "If you if you have a chat with the pharmacist and have a chat with our practice manager then we can put them in the right sequence, so clinical pharmacies first practice medicine second and then we will hopefully be able to come to some sort of decision."
operator said "Ok and is there anything else that you want to discuss? Are you happy with what we can"
customer said "It's lunchtime? I have to go"
operator said "Oh thank you Dr. Williams. I will catch up with you shortly. Thank you very very much. Nice to see you. OK Bye now."
customer said "I've got an observation for you."