operator said "Janine we are now being recorded. Please do not swear I know what your like usually so watch it so obviously. Yeah. Thanks for your time today. Really do appreciate it. Well this is your week before going on leave for a week. Then I imagine you're trying to get loads tailored off and slotted off before going on leave. So thanks so much for your time. There were a couple of things I just wanted to follow up on but is there anything that you wanted to touch base with me on before I start talking all about me?"
customer said "No I don't think so. I think it's actually going really well is great having Basildon and Norfolk and Norwich on and it's great just having links with Sarah and stuff. So I think I've got now just got a certain patient that I want to transfer over. I know that they're not well, they're sort of linked to the south end but they're not. Yeah but I think"
operator said "It's a tenuous relationship at some times I think."
customer said "Yeah but I think they're still probably better at getting blood results than we are from it. And I think they get all of the scanning and stuff by the sound of it. So I'm going to see if Sarah won't mind taking this one on as well. And I just I just think it's safer so."
operator said "so is this a patient that you've started as being on Oca for a period of time then and then you're send them back"
customer said "and he's actually just coming up to his yearly yearly review next month? Oh well yeah next week actually. So that's the other thing I'm trying to do at the moment is just get everything ready for next week. I expect I'll probably end up joining the MDT anyway even on annual leave because well I can lead Sherilyn into it but some of it I just need like this patient. I'd quite like to explain things and I can't really leave Sherilyn to to do that. So I don't know it might work because I'll be able to get hold of Sarah and work. I don't know."
operator said "But one hour isn't it. So"
customer said "Yeah. It's just that obviously with the kids off you want to go out for the day or something and it's in the middle is at two o'clock. So"
operator said "That's during the day I know. I've actually just said to the boys that I was coming on and our wi-fi keeps on ticking in and out and of course they're on the Xbox. My husband's working so I'm going priority priority I'm having the Wi-Fi. So I get your point. I'm actually from I suppose that the fact of just attending even if you did it just for that one patient you wouldn't have to sit in on the whole meeting would you?"
customer said "Well as I said it's only for an hour. So it's not it's not too bad. I'll see what I can if I can get hold of Sarah, because the other thing you see is he's saying that he hasn't seen the South End consultant for a long time. And this is my concern with some of these. And we've had this with quite a few of the Ipswich patients as well that they're not getting followed up where they should be followed up mainly because they've you know consultants have changed or whatever it is. But I mean he's not actually been seen by Southend since he's referred to us."
operator said "Well Dr. Bray only works restricted hours doesn't he because he's know he's like we were just talking about previously he's kind of like semi retired. So that's the issue aswell isn't it? it? But he's is so Gary Bray did attend one of the Canadian and U. K. meetings that I sent out an invite to. So that was about the 14th of July. So Dr. Bray did dial in to the one on the 7th of July. So I know that PBC is kind of like an interest of his. But if he is working restricted hours yeah the patient will get miss won't they."
customer said "Yeah so whereas I think as I said before if I know the Basildon involved in it at least they'll see scans or they can prompt scans or they can do they can keep an eye on blood and stuff. If I'm trying to do it from here like I've had no end of trouble just trying to get blood results from them or what have you. It's a bit it's a bit more tricky so."
operator said "Well what I managed to do with Sarah actually because when I did a lunch meeting a couple of years ago you know back in the day when I was doing face to face it seems so remote now it's bizarre. But I met a gastroenterologist there called Yunus Yunus. Something was amiss. Caliphs it was Yanus something. And he was really really interested in what I was talking about. And so I put him in contact with Sarah. So I know that Sarah uses him as kind of like a backup as well with Southend. So at least she's two physicians she can get in contact with something. You're quite right at least they are slightly more local and have got the you know those links to actually get in contact. What would you do if that's not enough? And if you can't get that sort of level of information from the remote centres how would you then follow up?"
customer said "Well if it wasn't sort of like Sarah's remet or Norfolk and Norwich remit just. Yeah and so the other ones at the moment we've all been so Bedford it's quite good. And I've got good links especially getting better results. I've got really good email address that they just give us the results from and things so."
operator said "Is that Dr Patel that's taken over at Bedford?"
customer said "Urgh I couldn't tell you unless I had a nation that I was writing a letter to could you know it"
operator said "Could you just, I know it was Anne Day but I know that she's taking time out to help her kids with GCSE and so forth. I think I think she had one of the boys that was were a bit of issue. So I know that somebody was taken over at Bedford but I was never let know so."
customer said "So it may be that we're just still addressing letters to Dr. Day then. It's probably that we're still addressing letters to Dr. Day today to be honest but I haven't had any patients that have said they have not had follow up with Bedford or anything."
operator said "So could you just have a look and just see who is it? Bedford because I just want to."
customer said "if I do another review and I'll find a Bedford Patient I'll let you know."
operator said "because I just want to ensure that if there is any kind of like comms or any meetings that I just make sure that you know the right people have got access to it. You know I don't hound them I just send them out and it's there, if you want it is accessible. This is what you do. So I'm I was just really conscious with the changeover in in with Anne Bedfords that I possibly lost that link because."
customer said "All right yeah, I'll let you know who if. Yeah. The next Bedford patient I have I'll let you know Luton and Dunstall is really good because we've got Lewis there now which is brilliant. He's excellent. He's really picking up and that's great. We've got a couple of Luton and Dunstall difficult patients and he's he's very much involved in them. So that's that's good."
operator said "It really helps. Doesn't like it. It's nice to think that. Yeah we set up those links and we did those meetings last year and it just."
customer said "it worked. Yeah. Really it really worked. Yeah. And it is I mean now it's two years since I've been paced I think. Why was it. Yeah. So you just feel like you whoever you're communicating with you just know a bit more and they're aware of you a bit more. So it just makes things just a little bit easier. I mean I would still like to meet some of the consultants. The local consultants I probably quite liked to meet face to face at some point just you know."
operator said "Well hopefully Cambridge liversome podium we'll be face to face wont we Janine?"
customer said "Yeah I did see an e-mail about that so hopefully. I can't remember whether they are doing remotely or I can't remember"
operator said "I've just done the sponsorship forms around it so yeah it does. It's back at the colleges. So and in which case I'm hoping that you'll do kind of like a bit of a Hepsy and kind of like PBC update as well within that. So I don't know. But I'm sowing a seed Janine I'm sowing a seed."
customer said "Yeah because I know I mean previously we've well we definitely cover it don't we the Meet the pre meeting sort of thing on the Thursday. So we'll definitely do an update with that. Petina normally does our MDT update overall. But I still don't think she's grasped us. She really doesn't grasp what I do and I'm not very good at I don't know she just generally. Yeah because you know on the Monday every once a month we do a not once a month every two or three months or so we do a governance hepatology and it's always on a Monday which I can't you know I would have missed quite a few of them and always just sends us an email about two days before and goes what's the latest figure? But then I just go uhh and then just sort of send my spreadsheet over which I didn't keep up to date mostly."
operator said "What are the numbers looking like at the moment at Adebrookes? Because I've seen several new patients which is fantastic to see."
customer said "yeah we kind of we have a good run of them actually. And yeah we did loads of prescriptions just last week. I must have done about 12 or 13 prescriptions last week because obviously they're all bulding up on things as well aren't they so."
operator said "What new prescriptions?"
customer said "Well yeah we've done quite a few new, because you know they were repeat descriptions as well sort of thing. So. Yeah and obviously the repeat prescriptions and the new prescriptions they just it seems to be a July month seems to be quite a lot there for various reasons I guess because of the gap that we had with. The Covid side of things when we did miss a few. I think we definitely missed at least two MDT meetings over that and we didn't get any referrals for quite a while. So it's sort of."
operator said "coming through at the moment."
customer said "Yeah I was just going to bring up my spreadsheet if you want. Have you got time?"
operator said "Yeah no that'd that be great?"
customer said "can log in. And do a remote thing"
operator said "I don't know your password sorry."
customer said "That's good. That's very good Right two seconds. Oh I won't do share a screen because I"
operator said "If it has patient details I don't want to see that."
customer said "no no no. That's what I said MDT outcomes there we go. I do like having two screens. So we have had 131 patients through our MDT since we started. But obviously I sent over I think Sarah's managing at least eight or nine of them now. Yeah. Do you want the specifics on that?"
operator said "Uh no no, because I know that when I switch there a couple of weeks ago she was she was seven or eight. So we're in that ball park. And obviously Tanya and you've got the new girl Nicole at Norwich do you know her?"
customer said "Yeah I haven't I haven't spoken to them. I haven't heard from them. And to be honest Simon, simon joins most MDT's but tanya or I haven't seen any nurse from there."
operator said "I'll tell you what I'll do. So whilst you're looking at those numbers so there is this Nicole Kersten's and she emailed me. So she also attended that UK Canadian Cross the border meeting. She got a lot from it. She then messaged me on Friday saying look you know I'm doing all of this and you know Tanya and Simon are great but time is limited resources. So I just sent a whole load of Web links like Basel ESG UK PPC I sent her just loads of links and loads of information that I've got on PPC but also show you where to find PSC an autoimmune hepatitis. And so"
customer said "she's going to just be doing autoimmune stuff is she?"
operator said "So I'm going to email her and CC you in. So A I'm I'll meet them on Monday next week for a remote meeting. OK so I'll do that and kind of like put a face to a name. So I've seen her by email. But what I'll do after today is I'll just email her and CC you in and just go look Janine the Addenbrooke's you know this is your go to to this is the autoimmune liver nurse at Addenbrooke's. So I did put it in my emails like to her but I kind of presumed that Tanya was the kind of black hand and some of that over but in which case it would make way more sense for Nicole to dial into that MDT with Simon wouldn't it?"
customer said "Yeah yeah. I definitely I mean I'm I'm really surprised that Tanya hasn't said to her to get in touch with me either. That seems a bit."
operator said "Like I say I don't know what I know that Tanya's just changed the time of my Monday meeting. She's desperately trying to get in contact with her manager about wartimes and services. So there could be other stuff going on."
customer said "Well I expect with Tanya it is she's got a lot going on."
operator said "So let me just expedite as it were so that you got that like I'll just say in the email. Look I've just been speaking to Janine. This is this is Janine out of you know. And you know what we could do is when you're back from leave is also set up just a one on one with you Nicole and myself."
customer said "If she wants to do that that would be really handy just because I think it's always you know I think I really appreciate what you did with us doing that teaching and stuff over Norfolk and Norwich and Basildon. And I think that made a huge bit of difference. Thank you all again for organising that. So if we can do that with that new was it nicole?"
operator said "Nicole. Yeah."
customer said "So I think that makes that makes a difference. And then she can understand the MDT point of view because there's this fiddly bits around. And if you know and I don't think Tanya ever you know I don't think she ever got a real grasp on it but I think it just you know it it does swamp people for a while."
operator said "Yeah well exactly that. And rather them because obviously I and this is what I was conscious of with Nicole as well that I can share a lot about PBC but it's not just PBC she's doing she's doing autoimmune and PSC. So so yeah. What I'll do, So I'll email is an introduction after this call and then at the meet the lunch meeting with them next Monday is I'll mention to Tanya and Nicole. But then I set up like it did with you Tanya last year. Yeah. One on one with Janine so that you know Nicole really builds great links with Janine so that you can be kind of like a great sounding board for Nicole and just helping her. Set up the role correctly better for Norwich then isn't it?"
customer said "Yeah because it would make it makes more sense isn't it if you if she's purely going to be looking at autoimmune stuff because I don't want to bombard with lots if she's got other stuff she's managing as well. But if she's if that is the role that she's looking at it seems daft not to be able to sort of just you know I think you know I would love to if somebody told me I held my hand through sort of like all of the stuff that you require."
operator said "Yeah well that's what it helps. But then it helps you because it gives you better links than into knowledge as well so."
customer said "yeah. Yeah definitely. Definitely. And then we can forward her the MDT meeting dates and stuff like that as well"
operator said "Right I'll get that sorted. Going back to what we were. So what are the like. So for Norwich that's what four five?"
customer said "I expect so I haven't had any we haven't discussed any for a while. They haven't brought any to us I don't think. And but I've got one. We just doing what we do in Ipswich as well. No Ipswich is on its own, isn't it? It's just Norfolk and Norwich."
operator said "coming straight into you. Yeah yeah. I think Dr. Moshen doesn't mess around. He likes to go straight across into you guys my knowledge is."
customer said "So I think we've got yeah four I've got the spreadsheet and I don't recall them presenting any recently definitely"
operator said "right ok then."
customer said "Sarah has presented a couple of new ones and we've done quite a few follow up ones that we've given her that we're just sort of following through. Well as I said I'd be I'd be grateful if she could take the south-end ones as well. I mean I think I did Drip feed her so we just did. The Basildon ones first and even then we just did the new ones and then we did a couple of months later we did the you know the repeat prescription ones."
operator said "Yeah. And does that help? Does that kind of help with respect to A your work load but B kind of. Yeah. As you say it's about getting the bloods and so forth. And then locally it's much easier for those local."
customer said "Hugely and I think we're realizing that you know we can't take them and everybody we're not. We recently said we've got we've got some really good ways of doing reports now on epic. So we've done this amazing sort of datasheet thing where you can just add in what data you want and it will churn out all of the stuff. So we. So he gave us all like a spreadsheet of all our autoimmune patients across PBC, PSC and AIH and it was like we've got over 900 patients that we are actively seeing at present. And I can just I can do from that then I can turn it down to sort of how many PBC ones we've got and how many. You know how many AIH's and how many PSC's but. I would know and we are not good he's not good at discharging them so the more I and it was interesting because it also comes up obviously he's really concerned about missing appointments at the moment. So I just thought"
operator said "Patients missing appointments. Is that right?"
customer said "Yeah you know because we had the gap and we were changing over telephone appointments. We had that gap where and sometimes if they don't keep coming if they've got appointments were canceled and then the next appointments are not set up for them. And so they can be lost you know they can be lost in the system. And we don't know. And that's a real concern of his. So I just went through all of the ones that didn't have any follow up appointments and a lot of them weren't ours and we deleted. But there was quite a few that I discharged. And it doesn't pick up that I've been discharged but mainly it was me discharged. But I think that was because they were through the MDT sort of thing and like could go you know after a year they go back to their own. But with Southend you see especially when people and Ipswitch when they were saying we're not seeing a consultant for two years I cannot discharge them becuase."
operator said "You don't know that they're not going to be followed up. That's not good enough is it."
customer said "No so whereas I know now I can hand those ones over to Norfolk or Norwich or you know or to Basildon then I know that at least they got a closer monitoring system than we have with bloods and everything."
operator said "Yeah no it's a good point. It's much better to do that because I know back to our earlier conversation before we were not being recorded but Pollack is really struggling. And I thought because we had a couple of home delivery patients that their drugs were returned because there is a new courier that Alkira have been using. And so I've been watching them. I think we've only had one returned with Addenbrooks but then it quickly went back. And so I was all right with it. I I've chase one at Norwich actually that was returned in June. In fact I know on the 15th of June one of their patients was returned but then it seemed to have gone back out on the 2nd of July. But I made Tanya aware of this because she wasn't aware. I am keeping my eye on this. But back to Birmingham Pollack Pollack had a couple of those and he was a bit cross. And then. And when I dug deeper it actually there's just so much repeat prescriptions and so much before it's it's it's it's"
customer said "it's too much unless you've got unless you can track it somehow it's really hard to do. So I just keep now I have a database of all of the patient's prescriptions so I basically save every single patient's prescription electronically. And then when it's due to renew I bring that up check through the patient's notes make sure we've got blood and everything else and then literally just print it out and give it to George. So it's easy. But we didn't even have before I came you know he was just getting Sherilyn to do it and she was just handwriting them every single time. And it's you know whereas now it's just printed it's safe and he just literally checks and signs it."
operator said "Yeah. It was so much easier. It's funny. It's finding those little techniques because it transpires that Jan you Birmingham used to prefer to have write them and it was only them in discussions with home delivery pharmacist matt at Birmingham but said well I've got this all stored electronically so alqua can repopulate quite a lot as well when they request the repeat. So let me know. So for Birmingham we've sorted out that yes some of the longer term patients with subscribing to 12 months. So it's not you know you're not looking to do."
customer said "Yeah that would be good because we're still doing it every three months. Well I've noticed I've had two patients. They've missed this last month though. But I've had one patient who phoned me and basically said they've run out OCA and I didn't get you know I'm pretty good on doing the repeat prescriptions and checking the you know following up on their emails within a week. And I checked all through my emails not got a reminder for him at all. And then and then I've just had one that just emailed me one to he's got like a week left. And again I've had no I need to check the folder at work but I don't think I've had a reminder for him either that he needs a repeat prescription. Right. So I don't know how I'm not getting the reminders because that's I do rely on them sending me the reminder I must admit because I haven't worked out a system to do that."
operator said "Well let me let me check with Guv at Alcura and just double check whether there's anything else whether there's anything that's being missing in prescription management system because it's like if they if they if the next. And then the other thing yeah if we were to move it to a six month prescription for those when they're nice and settled yeah it's slightly easier."
customer said "Oh definitely. Yeah. That would make a huge difference for us. Definitely. And also especially so I would definitely say if they've been done for a year you know if we discharge them after a year and they've been followed up from a year then there's no reason why they can't go for six months and that would make life a little bt easier."
operator said "Right okay let me and I'll speak with it's either gav or amanda that's covering Addenbrooks at the moment and just see whether there's something that we can do and I'll cc you in so you can see the comms and what what may be worthwhile is like I did with Birmingham"
customer said "Can you cc Paul in as well though. I mean because I know Paul's already saying I think he's changing some of them to three month delivery rather than monthly delivery as well. So those that because they were getting really anxious about when they were going to get their next month's supply sort of thing. So there was a few that he's changed with that."
operator said "There's clearly a need to just see whether we can make some updates and just look at kind of like making a few tweaks that should make it slightly easier. So what I'll do is you'll receive an email from me copying in either gav or amanda I'll find out who is and will we'll set up kind of like a stakeholder meeting like I did in Birmingham. So where it's you George, Paul and then Alcura. And we can just go through is there any way we can do this or look? But yeah every three months makes sense for that first year. Yeah. Yeah. But I think after that I think there needs to be a change that as when a patient gets that kind of tick off or something for 12 months you know where you extend it out so that the paperwork and then as long as George is happy with that because I'm just conscious that he is slightly more"
customer said "he's more cautious. So we'll run it by him at some point. He's on call this week. I'm not going to be able to touch base with him becuase I'm away next week. So it will be it will be touch base with him."
operator said "Have it in your head that I'm going to set something up. What I'll most probably do is I'll set something in motion kind of like this week for a date kind of like middle of August when obviously it's raining and you know summer has ended and things move on. But we do need to tweak it to just make it make a few changes to make it easier for you guys."
customer said "Yeah because I don't I don't to be honest. I don't see why. Because we're only asking for six monthly repeat bloods as well. So there's no reason. like definitely for three monthly we need three monthly bloods for the first year but after that we've only been asking for six monthly bloods there's no need for more than six monthly blood so."
operator said "yeah we can just exactly that. So twelve months what we could do is or what I would suggest and if alcura will be happy too. If we can change that then a patients move kind of like a six monthly prescription which then we'll collate with you doing your six monthly bloods which would just be as it were you know half the workload on that one patient. So yeah no it's definitely do that and I'll set that up so I'll make an action."
customer said "And then the other one while we're on that sort of remet really I guess is I think he's confused. And when we're doing the one week once a week or two twice a week prescriptions. So they were they were us. So they were doing reminders for a three months prescription for these patients. And obviously they didn't need the three monthly prescription because they were on less medication."
operator said "So these are these child pugh B patients?"
customer said "Yeah or they were ones they were itching and we just wanted to start slowly or um."
operator said "right okay so what we can do is at that same meeting then so we'll look at kind of like the 12 month review patients. But what we could also do with that is just review the alternate dosing and there could be the with Birmingham they look for a certain phrase on the on the prescription. I think that phrase they know that it's kind of like you know it's not once a day dosing. Therefore they won't need the practice quick. Yeah. So we'll look at that like a dosing schedule."
customer said "I think they have because we did bring this up and I think they did they have changed it somehow the end. So I haven't seen so many that I've been doing recently. I mean to be honest in some ways I should have picked it up as well that you know Paula just given a prescription the month before or something and they didn't need another one but."
operator said "Well yeah because they're only on once a week or so then you know a pack of 30 will last them five and a half months. Yeah. So you won't need to do another one. So um so yeah. And we are looking at this because I know I don't know whether it just isn't done as much with other countries but we do have some alternative dosing schedules that the UK have started using which is completely patient-focused. It's based on what the patient can tolerate and therefore keeps them on drug gives them something but gives them kind of like an unmanaged dose beyond that once a day you know. And yeah the company like saying well yeah one pack seems to be lasting a lot longer. These all child pugh B patients but we know it's not always the situation is because if they're highly puritic or they're on other medication they find that it's easier for them to take alternate day dosing or you know three times a week or twice a week or once a week. So whatever works isn't it?"
customer said "Yeah and I think that's what's nice about the drug really isn't it. I can just say to the patients well hopefully. But normally I'll say you know start a one day a week or something then gradually increase it as you feel comfortable with moving it. If they've had problems just doing you know five milligrams daily starts out sort of thing some of them just struggle to go. Right. Okay let's take it back to the beginning or just do a gradual build up. And it seems to be much better tolerated."
operator said "I was going to say, so that's my question to you because we've just done a presentation on this kind of like help the US understand what we're doing in the UK. So do you, because obviously I was having a meeting this morning. So do you find that when you explain that to a patient and you do go slow so slow with the dosing that a greater chance of that patient than remaining on drug? Then if you do stick to kind of like a once daily dose then oh yeah definitely drop off."
customer said "Yeah no definitely. Definitely. When they'd been willing to try and stuff with we've managed. I'm I've got a few where they've just taken it once or twice and been really you know felt really awful and just refused to take it. And they've only had two tablets or something. And you're a bit like I'm not sure whether it's tablet related or whether that's just you but let's just I can't let's not go there. But yeah it's generally worth so I had one who's now I've had to stop her because she had she had loads of headaches. Uh and I haven't I haven't had that, but have you come across that before.?"
operator said "Uh once I have had it once and what I will need to do is obviously do a PV report. You know these you've got three through these with me before but it is worth putting in some detail so that it does get stored. So I'll make some male or female. Female female roughly. What age?"
customer said "Who was it, bare with me sorry. Female, 52."
operator said "and a five or 10 milligrams"
customer said "she was on five. And she's. Yeah and she's not on anything I don't think so we were quite keen to. To do something for her"
operator said "what she was on erzo or anything?"
customer said "No she is on erzo but she's got quite chronic Liver disease which is, ah she's just had her op done that's good."
operator said "good. Oh bless"
customer said "her spleen's 15. One two six. Not too bad not too bad but it would have been nice to."
operator said "So what you've taken a completely off?"
customer said "Yeah she just too many headaches, like her. ALP has gone up to eight two six. Oh and it was six three six three months ago. Well we think that's because she's just gone back to where she she was because I think she we tried it on vibrate pre that a while ago you know when we were looking at that sort of stuff. And so she's gone back up to the level she was pre besofirbate I think. I guess I could try reducing down her doses and stuff. I just want to give her. She's going to see George in a month's time so I think I'll pause there and see what we want to do."
operator said "Like just so you know I will put in a PV so Pharmaconvigillence report and so thanks for those details. Like what I'll do is I'll take the box saying that you know you've reported it and you're dealing with it. They work with you just for some extra details but hopefully you can make quite a few there that it will just get logged up it once before I. But it's one of those isnt it, is it you know is it completely causative? We just don't know."
customer said "I don't. Well it's quite interesting though because she stopped it and I had to phone her today for something else. And she did. And I did the telephone call on Thursday. Yeah. So she stopped it on Thursday. And she said today she felt much better and I just did completely go away. So that's when I've got something like that. It generally triggers that it was that rather than anything else."
operator said "Yeah so she stopped. So she stopped drug last Thursday. Yeah. Cool."
customer said "I I started it. She only started it. So she's been on for about a month. She started at the beginning June. We received it in mid-June cool so yeah it was months of treatment"
operator said "No I'll get that submitted because that's really important for us to kind of learn from as well. But yeah I've definitely have one before a Nottingham patient."
customer said "I don't know why that would be because it's not like it's always a dilator or anything is it."
operator said "So no I'm just trying to be honest I wonder what I wondered up into my corner of thought. I was like thinking how was that. You know I'll have a look through. I'll just have a look through whether there's anything else online and I'll let you know what I find out. But I think I'll get that submitted."
customer said "I mean you do you get quite a few with abdominal pain as well or liver pain or what have you."
operator said "The main ones it sounds weird but the main ones is obviously itch. Although it is quite interesting it's kind of like doesn't seem to be as worse as it used to be."
customer said "And we've learned to manage it better I think."
operator said "I think that's that's the big that's the biggie. Some people get diarrhea some people get constipated. Yeah. So I know Jen used to talk much more about constipation which would make sense if it was a constipation it works. But we have had some that have happened really bad diarrhea those are the two main ones. And we've had one or two rash. Yeah I yeah which is you know your body's. Response because obviously we know this inflammatory response as well to it so that could all be linked but no abdominal pain. What is it kind of like located with the liver?"
customer said "Sometimes. Sometimes it just that it's a general pain sort of thing. There's not been I don't think I've stopped anyone from it unless it's been a combination of other stuff but. So I don't think it's been severe enough that we've had to stop it or rethink it. But that makes sense in a number of symptoms sort of thing that they sort of mentioned every now and again."
operator said "Well, I'll definitely submit that one lady. I'll do some research on it anyway and see what I can find out for you. And I'll come back to you on that. I'll email it across to you not next week because you're on leave. It might probably be the week after that got. I am conscious that I'm using up a lot of your time. You are going to need to kind of crack on with your day job as well."
customer said "that's alright I was thinking of lunch actually"
operator said "but I'm just thinking what am I doing the boys today. Because all of a sudden the canteen is opened up again downstairs. Who knew that I manage the canteen as well during the working day."
customer said "As your extra job. You know you're also the canteen supervisor."
operator said "oh just phenomenal. But we're like they did close early actually the school so that at the boys school I went in last week and then by Tuesday he was one of only 20 within the year nine age group so he refused to go to school on Wednesday. Seth went to school on Wednesday and then we got notification from the school just going right. There's just too many we're shut in the school go by Thursday. It sounds like a Craig David song you know starting on Monday."
customer said "Well it's such a so random. It was Ryan's last days. They say they took they decided to because I've seen we've got the middle school so they finish in year eight. Right. So they were really good. They decided she wanted and I really respect her for this. She wanted do sea side trips for each year group as a well-being thing to because the kids have missed out so much during the year that she just thought it would be nice to do something nice with them as an end of year thing. So she started with the year eight on Friday. So all of us I was the only parent helper that volunteered which is outrageous. Yeah I know the whole year group for four forms. But yeah and I don't know whether they were anyway so they had a bus each for each form or class, and then we took with four buses we took and we went to Felixstowe for the day and then two kids in the first bus in the first form I got that went down to Covid. And so but they did and they did a year eight camping in the evening as well. But the guidelines or whatever they think the school's been told they've they've said that all eight teachers have to Isolate and all of year eight have to isolate. And yet when I teach them said what does that mean I have to isolate. And they said oh no no you weren't in contact with them. And so like Roans having to isolate and yet he didn't do the camping on Friday night and he wasn't anywhere in contact because he was around me most of the time or in his own little glass bubble you know group or have you? Well this is what I think because I said twice that. So schools really really cross because instead of them just being able to isolate one class they put isolate the breaks and then was camping which means they are in their own tents."
operator said "Outside is a heavy old thing that drops Well this is because when mine went in I went what you mean you one of only 20 left? That's 250 in his year group. And he went well theres12 positives. wipe out 230 kids. And they just went to did and you just think I've got more to be thinking about. But yeah so yes they they finished school early so we've already had the full lary. That was last week Janine. You know the you know the the language the wanting to go on Xbox all the time. But the paddling though the paddling pool is like that does help because when you say I'll get out now and say oh get off your gadgets and they doing badly I come off because they just want to go outside into the paddling pool. I may be putting my feet."
customer said "That sounds good. I have my hot tub but I haven't actually put on yet because I'm busy man. So Justin's just done her final concert. Well she has to do an assembly today even though she left from post exams. So now I have to go and pick her up and then she's spending the day afternoon with the boyfriend I think in Hartford or somewhere. So now I'm going to be honestly. I am fed up with being a taxi driver. I can't wait until she learns to drive like 16. They get their independence. I want to go everywhere. And you're just driving them everywhere."
operator said "Oh I can't even begin to think about it. I have to admit it so and I would like to say I share your pain but yeah and I can't even think about it. But we wanted to go out thought didn't we Janine. Come on."
customer said "I know. I was. Oh I'm just going to say I'm on my way a lie, slight lie I am on my way."
operator said "And I will be texting Josaline a little later and say it was a lie on the phone to me. I am going to because I did want to follow. I will. So a couple of quick ones shoot at you. Claire Rowan will get in contact with George about the service delivery project. I think you know what I said to you about there's this lady that external consultant she'll look at your kind of like."
customer said "So I spoke to him. I did speak to him about it. And he said he. Yeah he was a bit like that but he was. Wow. Yeah it's fine if she wants to do it can do it so."
operator said "Well so Claire will get in contact with you because obviously uncommercial medical projects. so claire will get in contact with you about that. I was going to ask you about Basildon and Norwich but you actually gave me that anyway. So that is brilliant. And but following on that so I'm meeting them on Monday so I'll speak you'll have an email from me anyway introducing you to Nicole and then I'll set up a meeting."
customer said "if she you know if she wants to do it. I don't want to be like I know everything. You don't sort of thing. I just want to bet that it's a resource that she can go to. And I would have found it really helpful. But I"
operator said "It's worked really well with Lewis. So let's get that sorted. I was going to ask you about percentage of patients dying on drug anyways but you gave me an indicator on that surrounding your your your dosing schedules that that's helping you. So a couple of other things I wanted to cover off but that's for another day. No Important."
customer said "And then so the other thing is that we have now introduced about four or five. With doing the Beza fibrates and the OCA."
operator said "Well that was one of the things I was going to talk to you about and let me know."
customer said "And so the one the one the first one that we did quite so I think we probably started her in March April time. She's doing, I'm really pleased with her actually. And to be honest that's the one that we can now actually say. I'm pretty sure we can hopefully discharge her back to where she's from. She's Dr. Mowous, mowus where's mowus, Bedford isn't it?"
operator said "Mowus is, is uh west suffolk."
customer said "So with the introduction of the fiber as well it will depend still Georgia has been seeing like the creatine and electrolytes even a year or two later he sometimes found that they've gone off. So they do still need quite good monitoring I think."
operator said "letter then to Dr. Mowus."
customer said "Yeah yeah. So well yes as I discharge her, I haven't discharged her yet. I was going to say another three months and then discharge her."
operator said "I would at out of them because it's quite novel and I remind sorry I'm being recorded. Must remind you this is not. I would just keep an eye on that just."
customer said "Yeah but I think Dr. Mowus has done quite a lot of message. You know she is communicating to us and stuff so she's obviously is keeping an eye on her anyway sort of thing. So I don't know. I've asked George if I can discharge her and see what he comes back with. But basically her ALP was 211 two months ago and is now one hundred and sixty seven."
operator said "Woohoo so a normal range. Yeah. That is nice here. Yeah it's"
customer said "I really like the OCA. The OCA does it slow and steady and every year year on year on year on it's still reducing so it's definitely continues to work Beza Fibrate gives you that short sharp, Wow look at me and it and you're not too sure."
operator said "Masking something else, but that that's that's what I think the the outcome that Halit talks about when he talks about the real world data for us. Talks about yeah. What's really interesting is you know there's no two ways about it. It really does reduce down the force. But we don't know whether you then just think brilliant that's all worked in and masking actually what's going on. Whereas at least with OCA you know that is working on you know and so you can see the difference in the GGT but you start seeing those changes in the inflamation markers and therefore you do see therefore an improvement in the ALT and AST. And so that's where the some of the differences start kind of like being pulled out as well."
customer said "Yeah it's good but I'm really got to go sorry Elena."
operator said "It's your fault. you introduced that right at the last minute. Have a holiday next week and I'll get in contact with you. I've got a couple of things that I'll need to do for you. So you'll just have a couple of emails for me. Is that all right?"
customer said "Always. Always. Thank you so much for your support Elena and it's always really useful to talk to you."
operator said "So did you hear that? Yeah make a note of that one. Get that as the strap line out of this call."
customer said "See you."
operator said "Bye."