operator said "Hi Dr. Glasgow thank you very much for agreeing to see me today. Further to our conversation I wanted to talk to you in more detail about the impact of vitamin D3 on your costs on your patients and how that covid might have impacted that those patients as well. And if at all possible if we could just go through how you are recognizing those patients at the moment if they're presenting."
customer said "Yes no problem. Sounds good. Yeah."
operator said "So how how are you identifying these patients when they come to see you."
customer said "I and to be honest we are still dealing with the backlog of covid. Yes the so the proactive identification hasn't really been where it needs to be. A lot more majority is still kind of phone and video consultations and that we're having. It's something that we do really need to get back on top of because we're conscious that these patients are going to be out there without the support that they need. So I think that's the case with everywhere though isn't it from what I've heard."
operator said "Absolutely. You're not alone. And that that was really the intention for my call today is really to help remind you of those patient groups that you really need to start thinking about not to test your knowledge or anything like that because I think we can agree. Every single person out there is probably especially after this summer deficient in vitamin D in some way or other. But I have looked at the data for your practice and I'm made aware that you've got quite a high number of over 65's and the institutionalized or housebound individuals is that right?"
customer said "Yes we have a lot of isolation in relation to that as well."
operator said "Yeah absolutely. And of course with covid there probably quite wary of coming out, I am and I'm sure you are. We have to face it day to day but they must be even more cautious because they were always in the at risk group for the virus. It is really getting you to think of those individuals that might have had more time at home than they would have done normally and particularly the over 65 group because I think we take for granted that those individuals are necessarily probably active more than they used to be. So I think over 65 is actually quite young now. So if we think of the over 65 in a bracket of 65 to 75 have you got anyone that you think that maybe spent too much time indoors recently?"
customer said "Yes absolutely. I can think of more than a handful to be honest I would say more so now with the with the vaccine the initial vaccines that they did have and that the efficacy of those potentially running out than they are they are in a lot and relative to just in the shutting off of them. And they're not they're not getting out and about and not getting much sunlight which I know we have much in the last week or so."
operator said "I think summer's gone now unfortunately. But and that is the sad thing when the over 65s go out they probably feel the cold more than we do. So they're probably covering up that little bit more. So not getting any of the little sun that were getting. And I am sure you can think with your own grandparents or parents even and think of those. So at what point do you how often would you say you see an over 65 that might have been housebound more than normal recently?"
customer said "Ah I'd say at least I saw one yesterday at least a handful maybe moderately 10 a week. Yes. And the video, If I'm able to do a video consultations that's the other challenge because."
operator said "I can imagine that if there anything like my parents they are not that tech savvy to be fair."
customer said "I'm only just get up to speed as well to be honest, we've had to haven't we."
operator said "Absolutely. I get my nine year old to look at it for me it's so much easier. They know everything like that. The joys of having kids at home it's a shame the animals can't be as good to be fair. But the patient that you saw yesterday we could focus on them for the moment. Did they present with anything any specific fatigue muscle weakness or just general ache and pains?"
customer said "Yes yeah. In general general tiredness. And you put that down to being stuck at home with isolation as well. Doesn't have many visitors coming in and general aches and pains. And when getting up which we are dealing with medication for those it's not an active patient at all. No. Yes. That would be a concern"
operator said "Ok and when they present like that would vitamin D deficiency ever come into mind?"
customer said "Yes. Yeah it should be it should do in all honestly particularly because they're not they're not getting out and looking at diet as well to get available to them like micro meals and things like that which aren't great but"
operator said "not the best no. And how would you treat them if they if you did think. Right that is vitamin D deficiency what is your pathway?"
customer said "So we do have the from the Formulary the vitamin D3 calcium supplements and sometimes they get themselves where we don't know whether or not you don't know what they're buying, what their getting at if they're taken with other medications as well. So you know there are other options available but we just need to make sure that it's something that they take as well because it's not like a headache tablet or whatever pain tablet. It doesn't give them that relief they can take in combination with some lifestyle adjustments as well. So certainly we will look at calcium and vitamin D medication prescribed medications first and then."
operator said "Well it is interesting what you just said there because you've almost said that the line for me you've identified that they don't know what they're taking when they're buying it over the counter. And it's almost like saying if you eat X amount of eggs in a day then you're going to get your vitamin D. And unfortunately because say vitamin D was given the title supplement it left it open to lots of nonmedical companies having the opportunity to develop these supplements. So it is important to remember as you've done that this is a hormone. And when you are prescribing from Thornton and Ross Pharmaceuticals Fultium D3 you can guarantee that you are getting a medical grade medicine. We are MHA RA checked. We are a pharmaceutical company. Does that reassure you?"
customer said "Yes it does definitely, thank you."
operator said "I'm just going to share my screen with you Dr. Glasgow because you mentioned quite a valid point there where you said that it is important that we the patient knows what they're taking and they're probably polypharmacy, can you see my slide there?"
customer said "I can yes."
operator said "With Fultium-D3. You can treat with Fultium-D3 a simple fixed dose treatment. You can either do one a day for 12 weeks which is the three thousand two hundred IU which comes with a green capsule which increases bioavailability. Patient doesn't need to take with food so it does not need to bind to anything. Or you can treat for two per week over a seven week period at the higher dose of 20000 IU. And what you are trying to do there is to get them up to that 300 thousand IU. Are you recommended fixed loading dose then you can stay with Fultium-D3 and a simple maintenance dose. And that is a once daily tablet which is our blue tablet a Fultium-D3 800 IU one per day. What are your thoughts?"
customer said "Yeah particularly you said it earlier that the patience that we're talking about the patient yesterday polypharmacy is a concern to us to be able to take up that seven or 12 weeks and then you get to where you need to be. I mean for this particular patient I think the one a day would be better to take this and say the one today. Yes. And what the size of the tablet for these."
operator said "So there 10 millimeters so there tiny what you actually saw on the screen there was exactly the right size."
customer said "They're really small actually I'm probably behind the times I assume they were the page that the big horse pills."
operator said "absolutely no. We took advice and we were the first to market. So we looked at some of the calcium and vitamin D three treatments and we wanted to make it easier because half the tablets that the elderly is taking nowadays are as you say horse tranquilisers not nice. I have to break off my tablets in half. And if it's a liquid capsule like that you do not want to have to go messing with it. So it's nice and easy with a sip of water. No need to worry about food either. So on the basis of all of that what would prevent you from calling your customer your patient from yesterday back in?"
customer said "No there's no reason for me not not to call them back in, hindsight was a wonderful thing. I wish I spoke to you because I didn't really really useful as the patients that need to come back and we'll do another virtual consultation. And I can talk about that option for that patient but here it isn't too much of a problem for this patients so I'll confident that they'll take a small tablet because it doesn't doesn't like the big ones."
operator said "No one likes the big ones, fantastic. and what what is going to prevent you from remembering this for the next patients that present?"
customer said "I don't think I've ever had this conversation it's been lovely to talk to you, it's been great to be nice to get away from the system although the reality would be great if you could send some information across to me on email and and different options on that is really is really clear. What I saw on the screen that to me give other patients the option of the one every week was it one or two every week.?"
operator said "two a week for a period of time. And just put my slide back up for you. Yeah it is one a day for 12 weeks or two a week for 7 weeks. An option. Yes. It's nice to give the patients that choice. And that is what we try to do to keep it simple and easy for people not to forget. So fabulous. I will send that email across after we spoken. And if you could just stay on the recording for me at the end so that I can take your email address that would be great"
customer said "No problem."
operator said "Would it be possible to do a virtual lunch with the practice in the near future to discuss this in more detail with everyone else?"
customer said "Oh yes. Yeah we've just started to look at doing this. If you contact the secretary we can organise that. Or I can I can forward on your details and that would be really lovely thank you."
operator said "Fantastic. I will put that in the email as well. And I just wanted to remind you of Fultium-D3 vitamin D 3 supplementation for your patients moving forward. And thank you so much. Lovely to see you again."
customer said "Lovely to see you to Lucy, look forward to speaking to you soon."