operator said "Hello how are we? "
customer said "Oh that's oh no I need to do it that way. I've got two screens now Marnie. "
operator said "Oh. "
customer said "yeah but that really makes all this. So I've got a docking station and a big screen. But it just couldn't work with just a laptop and a roll chair and all of that so I've got it really all sorted out now. "
operator said "Well when we first started they gave us another screen and honestly I don't know what to do without one. I don't know what I did without having two screens just life is just so much easier when you work on one. Yeah it's mad. "
customer said "I'm not. These are identical though so I usually just close my laptop. But I have worked with two screens and it just makes life so much easier. "
operator said "Yeah. You can have a document up and you it can be looking at something else and then you just transfer over just My life is. so much easier with it. Well we just pressed recording just be natural. Just let's go for it will we? "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "OK. I think we're on. Yeah it's counting up the way. It's the weirdest thing isn't it when you have to play with I. T. Have no idea what I'm doing. Right Cath So there's a few few things actually. I spoke to Zoe and Stephanie on Thursday morning. "
customer said "Ok. "
operator said "And they said it would be great to have a meeting with you and they wondered whether you said would be able they can you do it next week and what they said could you possibly do it week after that? But a Wednesday morning is good for them?"
customer said "Well the week afters perfect. "
operator said "Right. "
customer said "Oh my God is the week after August. "
operator said "Yes. "
customer said "Wednesday the fourth of August. "
operator said "The first of August yes. "
customer said "Fourth isn't it? "
operator said "The fourth. Hold on a sec. Yeah because there going on they've got holidays booked and I said that you also had holidays booked so Wednesday the Fourth of August All right Fourth August. of And the morning will that be alright for you?"
customer said "Reminds me their names sorry. "
operator said "So it is Zoe Coxs. And Stephanie Goodwin And James Cook. "
customer said "James Cook. "
operator said "So their working with Dan Craig and Ahmed Monye. And they obviously are very keen actually Cath because. "
customer said "Their what sorry? "
operator said "They're also very keen. Can you hear me OK? "
customer said "Yeah just give me a second. "
operator said "No worries. "
customer said "Sorry i had this blower on its so loud thats better. Feels all calm in here now. "
operator said "I've got a bed behind me my sister was staying got a blow up bed behind me just in case your wondering whats behind me now. "
customer said "Just looks like the same sofa so don't tell. "
operator said "Right so it's Zoe Cox and Stephanie Goodwin and the and Zoe actually emailed me on Friday asking if I had patient information leaflets because she wants to have some down there so that if she's referring in we don't need to chat about that because you've got the patient leaflets haven't you really. and they would "
customer said "would "
operator said "be coming up to you. "
customer said "Yeah so patient information if it's about PVC? "
operator said "Ocaliva. "
customer said "Ocaliva? "
operator said "Yeah. "
customer said "I have yes I've got plenty and they be coming up to us and they normally do. "
operator said "Yeah. "
customer said "It would be good if they had some so that they knew what their patients are getting though. "
operator said "Yes I Yes. So. just wondering and so I thought well actually when I'm coming down and I'm delivering to you what I'll do is I'll jump down to them as well and I'll just give them a few. Wont need that many because if anything they'll be getting referred up to the MDT. And then they'll probably get the leaflet but I suppose they just want to be able to be of knowledge for the patients as well if there getting referred up but. "
customer said "Yeah absolutely. "
operator said "It's good signs. "
customer said "Yes yes I know they sound very "
operator said "very "
customer said "keen. "
operator said "very keen so if we can put it down for the fourth of August I'll send you a contract all that sort of stuff I can do the agenda. And that will just be a couple of slides really Cath that I need from you on who you are the role of the nurse and what the referral looks like like going into Newcastle at the moment. I think that also keen. When the can we come to one of the MDT. "
customer said "Right. "
operator said "Like what Ruth has done in the past?"
customer said "Who? "
operator said "Ruth. "
customer said "Yes. "
operator said "yeah you think that would be all right. "
customer said "I'm sure it will be I don't know when the next one is. I can speak to Jess about that. "
operator said "Yeah. "
customer said "And I'll also say it will be all right. Yes it would be all right. Ordinarily I'll have to find out just twice that the minute with covid changes that will be able to come at them and I'll find that out. "
operator said "But even if they could just dial in. "
customer said "Yeah we could we should be able to do that you "
operator said "Yeah "
customer said "know. "
operator said "I mean they probably don't even need to come up. The probably could just dial into something a little bit easier. "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "right OK so I'll get I'll get that sorted and let them know. Just right so the other thing that was going to show you if you don't mind I'm just going to share my screen. "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "As we discussed this the last time that "
customer said "I knew this would happen. "
operator said "Do you have a cough Cath? "
customer said "I do and a dry throat. "
operator said "Do you think its Hay feaver? "
customer said "It it doesn't happen often. "
operator said "Can you see my screen? All right. OK so obviously this is the POYS data right and you've seen this plenty of times. So the 12 months and then the six year data with ALP. So that's the six year right so obviously to see consistently that the ALP stays down over that period of time and you also see this consistently with daily improvement.But what I was mentioning to you was Pollocks data that we presented and also it was presented EFO by his clinical fellow Nadina Bass it's the real world data. "
customer said "OK. "
operator said "And these are the markers they don't want to talk about these as much but they are a lot more about Gama GT ALT and E. S. P. It was quite interesting that you know how it's always been ALP and Billy Rueben. But now they're actually looking at these other surrogate markers And what they felt was obviously what we found when we looked at it in the POYs data you do see a reduction in GDT ALP and ASTs. So obviously we are kind of like protecting the liver. "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "This is what she presented to me from one of the meetings that I was at so Abbas presented also ESO. So that was the data was taken from August 2017 to June 2020. And the real world data so far has captured Four hundred and fifty seven patients that have gone onto the second line treatment. 349 of them had Acaliva a and hundred and eight of them had Fibrates. And 12 months 398 We're still on Acaliver and sixty seven patients were also on Fibrates 14 centres have actually submitted to the real world data. This is ongoing. And Jess is part of this. What we found was significant reductions in ALP and ALT with Acalver and also there was a reduction in Billy ribbon and then it stabilized it 12 months.And the number of patients that were on Acaliver but had not responded. And then its come off as 23 at 12 months. So it's actually quite consistent with the POYs data."
customer said "Okay. Sorry Marnie what percentages is that? That don't respond and come off? We have them as well. "
operator said "Well there was 23 hold on "
customer said "out. of sorry I didn't hear the first number. "
operator said "So there was 23 patients that had come off Acaliver because they hadn't responded at 12 months. "
customer said "And how many were on it still? "
operator said "At the beginning there were 349 that were on Acaliver and at 12 months was one hundred and ninety eight patients that are still on it. "
customer said "Okay. "
operator said "The one thing that we did was that and this was the thing that he mentioned. And he was quite clear on the number of patients who within the real world data even if they had been asked if they had pruritis there was quite a proportion of patients that hadn't actually been offered Pruritis medications. So that was a to more in that because he just said why? If you ask them if they've got paralysis and then you don't treat them then you potentially could give them a medication that could give them pruritis that you haven't actually managed the crisis in the first place. So that was one of the key messages that he was hammering home to everybody that Pruritis is actually.Well I suppose you know it's a symptom of desease. "
customer said "It is and is potentially manageable. "
operator said "Yeah so that's pretty much what his key message was to the people he was presenting to was you know please please please could you manage Pruritis ask the patients if there itchy and if they are itchy treat the itch and then when you're considering a second line treatment then determine whether you're going to treat the itch then add in Acaliver. And if you're going to do that it also maybe do in a stepwise. So because he says the thing is if you give them Acaliver and they get itchy ten they wont want it where as if you just I suppose they could probably stay on treatment. So that was that was kind of that's what the real world data has come out with so far. You can probably also ask Jess because Jess Jess is part of the project. "
customer said "Perfect. "
operator said "Right now how I do Unshare my screen. Have you still got my screen on their "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "Right I've unshared now? "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "So can I ask how are you managing Pruritis in Newcastle since you started taking over the Acaliver patients"
customer said "So I do tend to follow them up and manage them and we start we do follow the EST guidelines. So we start with. A lot of people can't tolerate it. Some can and if you can it works well. So will we do use rifampicin as well but we'll use costarring and increase that in increments so the six to five. Twice a day than three times and so at. And like I say rifampicin we'll add Baeza if need be right there on triple therapy. "
operator said "OK? "
customer said "And we do manage it quite well. Not many patients that we can't manage the Pruritis and the only reason we take them off because of Pruritis that we take them off is nonresponse"
operator said "nonresponse okay. "
customer said "We've got a patient who we're probably going to take off soon because she's got a horrible disease and we can't seem to find any reason. And equally I've got another patient who I just I've just finished a letter for who we are that she's itch been to MDT. We want to start on Second-line treatments and we're trying to sort out her first. So I just spoke to her of increased best-run. I will see her again on the 12th of August to see if we can get that sorted first. "
operator said "Right. OK "
customer said "You also have to rely on people's people taking their medication Marnie and some people. They'll say yes yes yes. And then when you dig down a bit deeper you find out they're not taking the medications you've got to. And I think that's where my role comes in much better because I've got the time to do that so I can chase them. I really sort of dig down a bit more and have got more time to do it than consultants have you know and make sure they're taken. "
operator said "So with that would you say that with also as well that they're just not even taken the erso?"
customer said "Most of them take Erso like. Yeah most of them take erso they do I think because that's the one drug they used to make. "
operator said "OK. "
customer said "Well then we have a patient who doesn't even take that. She used to come to clinic and to she would say well I take it I don't think about it. I don't know what it is with some people. And so she should take it for a few weeks before she came clinic say to she had been taken it. And then she would forget it again. And it's a bit like oh my God you know really? Oh it's a bit frustrating. "
operator said "Yes. So you say it's more the second like treatments that they're not taking. "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "right. Do you think the pandemic has anything? To do with this I do think it's just compliance.Just go that's right I have that that other medication. "
customer said "I think most people are good. I don't. The only link to the pandemic would be there haven't been actually touching base here that it's been phone calls and that might make a difference otherwise. I don't know. And it tends to be people who are on lots of different medications trying to get mixed up with things. "
operator said "Mm hmm. Right "
customer said "You know. "
operator said "yeah. It makes sense doesn't it? Yeah. Uh huh. So how. Oh I guess so. How many people have we got on Acaliver now then. Because it's very difficult. I can't see because we don't have home care. We don't really have a sort of a registration. "
customer said "Right now i've only got about 40. Sorry that's number one right now. I've got about 40 patients. "
operator said "right. "
customer said "around that number. "
operator said "right. "
customer said "But without pulling up a spreadsheet. "
operator said "yeah. "
customer said "I would do so then we've got some fibrates. "
operator said "And what did you think of the pharmacy meeting?"
customer said "Oh it was fantastic. I found that really really helpful. I'd love those slides. I'll sort that out with I. T. And it made me. Well I sort of understand the benefits of having a pharmacist on site we haven't got think a pharmacist who specializes but I've got the name of the girl and I I've it spoken to before. And now that she's because she attended that meeting from here didn't she? So I might drop her an e-mail just to see if she you know where she's at with whether it she's the somebody who would you know like to specialize on the PVC side because I would find that really helpful. But was also a great meeting. "
operator said "The girls there fantastic the three girls down in London. "
customer said "I'm really passionate about it because I didn't realize pharmacists were monitoring the OCA pateints as well which is good."
operator said "I mean they're probably a wee they're a bit rare the same as you Cath actually is going she's going on a secondment to NICE for a year. "
customer said "Oh right. "
operator said "Yeah. So she's training up another girl Naomi to do that. So at the moment Naomi what Naomi doing is she's actually transferring all of the patients onto home care and at the Royal Free and is leaving for a year. "
customer said "Good for her That's really helpful. I meant to tell you Marnie. Home care here. I chased that up actually in between speaking to you last time but I forgot to mention it though they're still saying they don't have capacity to do it. Like full stop. Anyway I thought i'm going to give themnice little emails and so they've agreed to meet the guy directorate manager is on Holiday back I think is Back from the 16th so i've said to meet the following week. "
operator said "It's that is that it was Paul?"
customer said "Sorry. "
operator said "was it Paul? "
customer said "Paul yes Paul. No not Paul uh the other guy? So it's Pauls off essentially. "
operator said "That's that's at least a move in the right direction Cath. Yes I mean what we said. "
customer said "Yeah we could maybe get together and discuss what else we could do. So I sort of jumped on that and said right can we meet and gave them a date I've copied Jess in. So he said he'd get his secretary to arrange that which he hasn't yet. But I'll chase. But it's not for a couple of weeks just over zoom. And let's see what we can do and what he has to say."
operator said "So does it mean an alternative to home care?"
customer said "No idea no idea and I wonder whether we can sort of talk to him about What I want to talk to him about is why he doesn't have capacity in that what does he think is taking all the time? Do you know so many people use it now. "
operator said "Well I think to be honest it's like everything isn't it? There's always going to be a bit of time to set up but once it's set up it starts just working itself. And I think because you're there there's a bit of the work that can be done by you because that's what Jim did in Birmingham. I mean Kalic I didn't do anything Kalic wrote the prescriptions and things like that. But Jim did all the sort of paperwork behind. And I mean the other thing is obviously Fatima is and happy to share slides with you Fatima Sital are happy to share the site so it may even be that you can potentially use some of those slides but the other thing is if if he was really concerned I'm sure someone like Fatima or Sitel or even Anthony would chat to him and say this is the work load thats it and once it's up set and also maybe just go back and say that it's a rare desease. It's you know it's not. "
customer said "And I think they're aware of that which is why when I first approached them this time you said this is something that recently come onto the radar that they mentioned that they really should be doing this. But again this direction most managers come back and said we don't have capacity at the minute anyway. I've arranged to meet to do this meeting and we'll see what comes after that. "
operator said "Well if you need any help if you need any information I could I can easily get you. How many people are in home care now in the UK? And I would say it's more people urgent home care than any other thing that any other delivery one because it's free of charge as we pay for all and also because we can manage the prescriptions. Maybe saying that to him as well that the prescriptions can get managed. So you can get Jess to write the Prescription for six months. But in actual fact you will get a reminder of when these prescriptions need to be filled with and things like that so yeah yeah yeah. So it is a no brainer and it would help you all really and it's free. "
customer said "I know. I know. I know. And I think at the minute with the Covid thing with all prescriptions are posted out to but I don't know what point that end and and if then and when it ends we're "
operator said "it's "
customer said "going to. It's going to start to be a bit tricky. "
operator said "Yeah. "
customer said "so we need to sort that out. "
operator said "So do you work with the pharmacy and Lloyds then? Is that the communication? At the moment just DPD pharmacy and then it's and then it's sent out. And then it gets sent via. Is it sent. was It is DPD was?"
customer said "no no no. It's sent out via the trust or from all prescriptions are at the minute. "
operator said "Really that's a huge cost. "
customer said "Yeah I know. "
operator said "I mean it probably wouldn't you wouldn't really see the dent but I mean it just makes more sense just to let's see how you get on I'm more than happy to support you and anything. So if you just even if theres a wee nugget and they say well actually maybe then even if you could speak to or be in contact with Fatima or Sitel there's something that I've actually done it. "
customer said "that would be lovely. "
operator said "and even uneven even Jen or Janine even down in Cambridge. Because they do home care as well so they do home care. "
customer said "I know. Jen's not around though is she? "
operator said "No she's not. But I'm sure you would be able to just call out and be able to see if this is what we did. Yeah. "
customer said "Yeah that's. "
operator said "Right. OK so that's great news perfect I will organize with the girls? Send in an agenda send you a contract Cath I will put it on for Wednesday the 4th of August and that's good with you in the morning. Any time in the morning? "
customer said "Anytime yeah. "
operator said "Early rather than late?"
customer said "Uh yeah. "
operator said "Right and then just a couple of slides so I'll get all that done for you. Is there anything else you need from me right now Kath? "
customer said "Not really. The thing I want you to know is I don't know whether you've come across or whether anybody's mentioned to you much about patients on Acaliver having achy joints "
operator said "joints.? Achy have you got a particular patient that's got an achy joint? "
customer said "Legs, knees. feet. Like toes going into like what you call a spasm like cramp. Oh God. wouldn't come to me. "
operator said "Well Obviously I have to report this now Cath because. "
customer said "What we think is related to that that we've stopped it for a while and it's stopped now we potentially might start again. "
operator said "So is that is a particular patient this has happened to?"
customer said "Yes. "
operator said "Right. OK can I just ask is it a male or a female? "
customer said "Female. "
operator said "Female and age? "
customer said "50's I can tell you exactly if you want. "
operator said "It's just because I'll need to put it down as an age just just because we have to do that any sort of a side effect potentially from Obeticholic acid we just need to put it as an AE. And do you mind if somebody contacts you about it Cath?"
customer said "No. "
operator said "So female. 50's. Experiencing. Full spasms or spasms in their limbs? "
customer said "Limbs. "
operator said "right okay How long has she been on treatment?"
customer said "Hang on. Just since November of last year. "
operator said "And she's off right now. "
customer said "Yeah. "
operator said "Symptoms have gone away. "
customer said "I will be seeing her again soon. Let me see sorry Marnie i've gone off. "
operator said "No it's absolutely fine the more details you can give me the better because it's just because I'll just have to report anything like this within 24 hours. And then medical will just get in contact with you. "
customer said "She's 54. Now she does have. lets have a look. "
operator said "Is she on five milligrams? "
customer said "She was on five milligrams. "
operator said "Started in November. "
customer said "Needed vitamin B I don't know whether it's related to she's got a problem with her knee its inflamed she complain about some arthritis. But even so. So this was in June. "
operator said "And so she's complained about this in June June so. she's know I shouldn't have it to begin with but she just complained about it in "
customer said "So I'm following her up next week. "
operator said "OK I'll send that then I'll send that down of some to be in contact just to get some more information. I'm sorry I can't really help you much on the that right track. "
customer said "I just wondered if anybody else had mentioned anything about it because I think it is a known side effect but I've not come across anyone who's really suffered with it. "
operator said "if not anybody came across saying anything about it but I'll have a quick look as well and see if I can ask whether it is something a that is sort of common thing and I'll let you know. But I'll report it as well but your doing the right thing. and see what we can do. Right. All right then well. It will be in touch with you though the other thing has immaculate been in touch with you at all about PVC Connect?"
customer said "No. "
operator said "OK no that's fine. "
customer said "Wait who would it be? "
operator said "that would be it's usually Ian. Or it could be I always fluff the name Elinor Erso "
customer said "Elinor Well I think. Elinor Actually I think later I'll let you know I'm going off there. I think elinor might have been. Had the week was just a crazy week last week having had a week off unplanned that was so busy and I've had to shift things over and last week was actually crazy on the research side as well. So I feel like were not quite caught up with everything yet. "
operator said "And did Dave get away? "
customer said "Yep I don't know if he's in France. I don't know that "
operator said "I Yeah. wondered whether he would actually have got to France go with the fact that he still had to isolate coming back. I think that's getting lifted at the end of the week. So maybe he will be able to get to. I hope he does. "
customer said "Potentially. "
operator said "OK well. "
customer said "That's the good thing about that is they go into their own house when it's her mom's at her parent's house. You know they don't have to change bookings or anything. "
operator said "Yeah yeah and also if they do get stuck it's not like they're going to have to pay astronomical amounts of money for hotels OK I'll get off and get on with this stuff and yet I'll send this AE down as well. OK. Right. Thank you very much Kath. "
customer said "Welcome. "
operator said "Bye. "
customer said "Bye."