operator said "Hello Dr Jackson, how's it going?"
customer said "How are you doing Parth? Good to see you. Yeah happy Friday. Yeah well my work don't stop so you know I got to work this weekend too but you know it's always good to have have a little weekend. I probably won't relax until Sunday. You know I was out on vacation the last the last few weeks."
operator said "Oh very cool. Did you go anywhere fun?"
customer said "Yeah. Actually I went to I went to Bermuda actually. Me and the wife and the kids."
operator said "How was that experience?"
customer said "Yeah. It was great. You know I really got to relax. My wife took my phone and put it like put it away. See I kept checking it. She took it away from me because I'm always on my phone. I'm always you know trying to be available. But sometimes it's good to be able to take that break now. So it went well actually we we had a really good time and we really got to relax. And so it was a good time."
operator said "I mean I'm sure your wife was happy because at least you want some time away from work. Just being in the same sort of facility with your family and just enjoying time and spending time with your kids and your spouse as well you know."
customer said "Yeah it was much needed. It was much needed. We I needed that break. So now I'm back."
operator said "Did you guys do anything fun activities?"
customer said "Snorkeling. We did that. We we did a little scuba diving. I mean the wife with scuba diving. And then we went on a couple of like trail like hikes or whatever. So yeah we did that. So I mean it was fun it was I'm definitely going to I could go back. I miss it already. Actually. I need to hit the lottery."
operator said "Next time. I want to ask you for some recommendations since you've been to this place."
customer said "There's a restaurant there that I got to tell you about. So it is called Coconut on the Lake or something. I'll give it to you. It's really it's a really nice restaurant."
operator said "Interesting. Yeah OK I love that. I mean are you like scuba certified or."
customer said "No we well actually. Well my wife is. I'm not. I started but I didn't finish the training but my wife is actually scuba that scuba license."
operator said "OK well seems like hopefully you're all rejuvenated and I guess since you already started working this weekend hopefully that kind of helps you."
customer said "Hey ready or not the work is going to come you know. Well yeah I put a medical request in with the sales rep Ali I talked you know she came by the office. And I was at ASN and this is about a few months ago doing ASN and I was at a particular session but I got called out and I didn't get to sit through. So I know they were reviewing your ASN program. So I put a medical request to actually meet with you to have a discussion regarding the program."
operator said "Okay no that's great. Is there specifically about the same program that you would like me to go over or is there you want to kind of generalize the program and then we can kind of see if you have any questions in regards to particular trials that we have."
customer said "Right. So you can generalize it. I actually had more questions because most of my population as you already know that I've known for years most of my population is non dialysis. However I do that I do have a a good number of dialysis as well. So my questions really I have do have some concerns or more questions so you can provide clarity with some of the adverse events and some of the endpoints regarding the non dialysis population. I think it was your Sendi program but I would like to know the other trials within the program as well."
operator said "Sure so for the non dialysis patient population that our trial was known as Ascend D so not just to kind of give you a brief overview of the trial the same program. So we had five different phase three studies. One was Ascend D which for dialysis patients Ascend which stands for non dialysis and Ascend NHQ which was non dialysis hemoglobin quality of life study. We did. And we also did a Ascend TD which looked at the difference that was three times weekly dosing and Ascend ID which was the insulin dialysis."
customer said "Insulin OK that's interesting."
operator said "I just want to cover. Sorry sorry. Go ahead."
customer said "No are you are you publishing the data for the insulin dialysis do you know when that's being published."
operator said "Yes it was recently published So it's already been out. I believe it was a published in JAMA article."
customer said "OK so send that to me."
operator said "Sure. Will do that. I think the Ascend D was published in the New England Journal of Medicine."
customer said "OK yeah. Do me a favor after the call. I definitely want to look at that have some interest in that. So that ID make sure you send that to me I appreciate that."
operator said "Sure so I just want to give you brief overview as well to complete the whole picture for you all these 5 trials met their primary endpoint which would mean change from baseline. And just to kind of focus on your patient population that you serve for non dialysis function so that which was assigned and so that trial was a Phase three study randomized active control trial that compared Daprodustat orally once daily versus Darbepoetin. And majority of the patients in this trial received Darbepoetin once monthly. Daprodustat was once daily and that there are two core primary endpoints which one of them was looking at mean changing from baseline and the other primary endpoint was first occurrence of adjudicated means. So major adverse cardiovascular events. And both of these primary endpoints were met so Daprodustat was not inferior to ESN's."
customer said "So these were non inferiority trials?"
operator said "That is correct. they were non inferior trials."
customer said "So why didn't you do, and that's great. That is great. And this medication is oral correct."
operator said "That is correct."
customer said "I mean that that that does provide some convenience. So why don't you take the company conduct a superiority trial? You want it to be better? I mean to see if it is better."
operator said "Yeah that's a great question and I know I've heard from other providers as well that similar sort of concerns but what we were working closely with the FDA and the EMA for the European side of it as well and their advisers do non inferiority so we wanted to see where the Daprodustat was at a similar or similar efficacy and safety to standard of care which is the ESA. And then we looked at superiority so more of a hierarchal hierarchy fashion."
customer said "All right."
operator said "So first we want to see whether it met non inferiority. And then we looked at as a second end point we looked at superiority which was not achieved."
customer said "OK but it's convenient because it's oral so that's good."
operator said "And the study was not power to look at superiority but there was also just one to kind of leave you out there. Does that give you your answer to your question?"
customer said "No so yes. It answers my question. I have a few more because it's oral. So my patients have you know they have a lot of comorbidities. Right. By the time they get to me thier dealing with a lot of medical issues. So I have a question regarding like drug to drug interactions are there and especially with phosphate binders. Are there any interactions regarding that?"
operator said "Oh that's a great question. And so with the Daprodustat it was a low drug interaction with oral iron ore phosphate."
customer said "OK."
operator said "Just I mean I would avoid something that seemed 2 CA's such as like a compidadril which was studied. But it was it was not there was that it was actually that you would avoid I would try to avoid that for now."
customer said "All right."
operator said "Does that sort of give you an idea in regards to your since you mentioned your patients are are in a lot of Phosphate binders and oral irons as well."
customer said "Yeah. Also the oral iron is very important. So I'm glad this low interaction with that also as far as that. So I have I do have a mainly non dialysis but I do have dialysis as well. So when my patients transition to dialysis is there are there any dose adjustments? So it is medication affected by the dialysis?"
operator said "So it does not get affected by dialysis, you don't have to worry about any dose adjustment or anything like that. And also it is highly protein or protein which is by albumen. So there's no dosages required with Daprodustat in your dialysis patient populations as well."
customer said "OK so so yeah that's definitely good to know. And then I'll also I have concerns actually regarding the the adverse events. So in between ASN I didn't get to sit and sit in the session but I did see some some information pop up about cancer and I think there was an imbalance in cancer and GI erosion. So that's definitely a concern. Could you give me some some insight or some clarity on those adverse events?"
operator said "Sure. I was just kind of curious like what have you heard from the ASN or that's concerning about this especially those cancer related issues or even GI I just want to know what the thought processes from the clinician standpoint you know."
customer said "Right. So you know the thing is when when my patients a lot of my patients from a GI perspective I know the ESAs they they may they have a black box warning for for cancer. And so you know you try to avoid that in some of those patients that have malignancies. Right. Especially if the outcome is that they can be cured. And so you know I don't know if these drugs will carry that same warning or issue. So it is concerning that you know the concerning that these patients had this particular trial that the non dialysis trial showed an in balance and cancer related deaths and tumor progression. So I don't want to further confound their comorbidities by progressing tumors or causing cancer to to reoccur. So that is a concern. We already have it with the ESA's. And I don't want this. And this is compared on top of an ESA. And I use a lot of Darby. So this is on top of Darby and Darby has that black box warning and we see the signal type of Darby then that would put that would give me apprehension using it because I've already have the concern with Darby but you're seen it now with the actual oral Daprodustat that that you have. So that's a huge concern for me."
operator said "Sure that is totally understandable. And I'm happy to show and kind of walk you through what we saw and how why we saw that particular reasoning. So I just want to give you a brief context of this in relation to cancer related mortality and tumor progression and recurrence in this trial. So the difference was not seen in our dialysis trial Ascend D. But there was some difference in our non dialysis trial and particularly the reason was that was I mentioned earlier that Daprodustat is given orally once daily and majority of those patients will Darby arm were receiving once monthly. So you can see there is a different dosing frequency and the half life of these drugs are different for the treatment emergent prespecified definition which was last dose date plus one day which created unequal observation follow up period. So if a if a patient is taking Daprodustat, stopped or was the last day tomorrow if they reported the event today that would be considered they would consider following Daprodustat on that due to particular due to the efforts that where as a patient with Darbepoetin the patient took it four weeks ago and if they report it now. So you can see there is an observation period. So let me just kind of pull up a slide and kind of give you a better overview of it. Look at the differences because we even conducted a postdoc analysis for that."
customer said "OK yeah it'd be great to see. I would love to see it."
operator said "Let me put. Alright Dr Jackson are you able to see my slides?"
customer said "Yes."
operator said "OK great. So this was in our dialysis patient population as you can see are you able to see my cursor?"
customer said "Yes."
operator said "So this is a cancer related mortality. As I mentioned earlier that treatment emergent definition was last dose day plus one day. And this year the graph on the left probably showed that the difference is that you you're talking about the Daprodustat was three point seven percent and then with Darbepoentin was two point five. So you can see those imbalances. So and as I mentioned that the dosing frequency was not accounted for in this definition. So which made allowed us to do postdoc analysis where that treatment emergent post doc definition was last dose date plus dosing frequency. So when this dosing frequency was a for it created more equal follow up here and this is the results that were seen three point seven and three point five percent. So you can see the imbalance was attenuated."
customer said "OK."
operator said "And even further in the intention to treat post doc definition on and off treatment events you can see that rates of cancer were pretty similar four point five four point seven percent. Does that kind of give you an does that kind of does that sort of answer your question or do you still have any thoughts or concerns or?"
customer said "No I definitely understand the when you change the observational period it equalize the opportunity to capture events. So it was bias it appears with the last dose plus one day because what you just explained Darbepoentin was those mostly monthly whereas Daprodustat is dosed daily. So the observational appear to capture events where we're biased in that group. So no I totally I totally understand. You know I was thinking so when I was looking at this slide I mean this drug and I looked at the mechanism they are turning on genes. I would be curious and I know you don't have it right now. Just I was thinking it will be curious to see the long term effects because if your switching on these genes with the Hith the Hith proteins and you switch it on. And what when are these genes shutting down like ones that down. And we don't have that data. And I know you don't it's just something that i'm thinking about that but I get it. The data is. It is you explained it very well. So I completely get why there was an imbalance on the first definition. So is this something that. That you all saw this was a mistake I guess you on the company's part OK?"
operator said "I mean you can say that this was one of the flaws that they acknowledged because initially they did not take into consideration of the dosing frequency if they did then outcome could have been different."
customer said "OK so so I have two more questions and then I have to run and get back to Clinic. So my other question GI erosions."
operator said "Sorry Dr before you go I just want to alert before you have a question. But one thing I definitely do bring up an interesting point that I would love to take you back to the companies that what would be the long term effect of these drugs especially in these sort of patient population that where the Daprodustat could have aquagenetic effects. That is something that we can certainly take it back in and see if they have plans to do any post surveillance data or even further study in regards to that. Thank you so much."
customer said "And the types of cancers that reoccur because initially it was it was an imbalance are you going to further evaluate the type of cancer so some cancers are more aggressive than others and some cancers are more likely to reoccur. Are you going to look more into what cancers occur and just kind of further evaluate the the the group that that endpoint?"
operator said "Well I'm not sure about that at the moment but I mean I can certainly take this point back and see if the company decides to do particularly look. And I think that's a great idea. I mentioned just to see if there is any one particular malignancy trumps the other. Do we see a lot more of this with this particular product? sorry I didn't mean to cut you off but what I think you have a couple of more questions."
customer said "So two other questions. So the first question is going to be the next question is going to be on GI. And then my last question is the with with the mace events. I saw. I know you met the primary endpoint but there was another on treatment analysis that I think showed an inbalance. So if we could talk about those two that would be great. And then we can wrap it up. And whatever we don't cover we can talk. We can reschedule in a few more weeks or you can send me some information. I can look over it."
operator said "Sure. Happy to do that so as far as the GI erosion or gastric erosion is concerned it was pretty similar to the concept of what I just explained in cancer related issue. So we will see it in our non dialysis trial. There was no difference in our dialysis patients of the trial and even further because of the treatment emergent definition was last dose date plus one day. So you know the dosing frequency was not accounted for and which made us conduct a postdoc analysis. And even with a postdoc analysis these erosions were uh. The analysis did not get it. So there was still seen. But also one thing I want to mention is that these erosions were not adjudicated so their patients self reporting so their patients were not scoped to see if there truly occur. In the majorities patients reported these erosions pretty much against healed on its own when the treatment study was stopped."
customer said "So they resolved?"
operator said "It resolved and this was not in our dialysis trial. So which does require further evaluation so which is ongoing at the moment."
customer said "And so I know if you mentioned I'm sorry if I missed it where did you have to change the dosing? Because the GI erosions? did you have to discontinue the medication?"
operator said "So we had to discontinue the medication for the patients who had erosions. But most of the patients were still on the medication thought. If they were severe enough they were listened to."
customer said "Ok the majority of the patients stayed on the medication. OK. So my other question is. Thank you. And my other question is regarding the mace events as well. So the on treatment in Mace events. So there was an imbalance I think in that because what was the upper limit of the contrazinable for the to meet non Inferiority?"
operator said "1. 25."
customer said "1. 25. So and I think the on treatment analysis exceeded that one point two five. So I was just trying to understand why you meet that you know you meet the primary endpoint. I think this is good. You have these other analysis. And the reason why I have a concern because you saw you know Roxadustat and then you see Vadadustat that they have these issues with you know convulses. So so this is a concern that we have in with this class. It appears so. Could you provide more insight into this particular analysis?"
operator said "Yeah I'm happy to do that. So as you you're aware that our primary analysis was intention to treat analysis which met the primary endpoint of the Mace. So particularly the reason the difference that you saw was an non treatment analysis. So let me kind of give you an example. Let me show you a slide of it."
customer said "that would be great. OK."
operator said "And this was sort of similar to what concept I was explaining in regards to dosing frequency in regards to cancer and GI erosion as well. So this sort of symbol similarly applies to this as well So this is just to give you a brief overview like it's like an illustration as you can as I mentioned previously Daprodustat was given daily Darby was given every four weeks for a majority of patients. So here these are all on treatment period definition was last dose date plus 28 days for the on treatment analysis. And these are just a dosing frequencies here and acts with a green circle is the last dose date. And then that orange circle shows plus twenty eight days so you can see these are unequal it would create unequal observation period. So in our post hoc analysis we took in consideration of dosing frequency. And here in the bottom of this slide it shows that if you look at last dose day plus dosing frequency it created more equal follow up periods or observation periods which are represented by these orange triangles. And in these orange diamonds are plus 28 days from that. So what we found in this on treatment analysis is that what we saw in our primary our intention to treat analysis which was similar to what we saw in this on treatment analysis. So the Daprodustat was not inferior as far as the Mace analysis. This was similar to what was in our intention to treat. Does that sort of answer your questions?"
customer said "Yes. So there it does. So what I what I get from what you told me is that is very similar to the other analysis. However the prespecified definition is a little different islast dose plus twenty eight days. But that from what it appears what you said that that that introduced some some bias. Right. And unequal observation periods. But then we you normal or equalize the observational period or follow up to capture events. It appeared that we don't see the data though. Did it attenuate the."
operator said "Sorry about that."
customer said "OK right so so you explain that. So this is this is exactly what I wanted to see. So with the so I understand the rationale. So I get that. So it did attenuate last dose it exceeds it it but so there is a concern here because the non inferiority margin one point twenty five it did attenuate by however the upper end. And that's what we use. That's what your company used for the the the primary endpoint. Right. All right. So when I look at the last dose plus 28 days and dosing frequency in the last dose plus dosing frequency it does attenuate. However the upper end doesn't attenuate lower than one point two five. So that that's still concerning. And I would feel that you know I've been around for for some time. And that's when you start to introduce is explanation a lot of experts don't like it. You know they don't like it I'll tell you that. But I understand you have to you know show an explanation. So that attenuation is great. However the upper end still exceeds that one point two five."
operator said "Sure. But I totally understand the concerns. And based on what you just mentioned I mean I can understand where you're coming from and even theirs. But our main thing was that at least when we took these dosing frequency to account in the half arm of this drug we saw that imbalance was coming down. But it's not too what we wanted. But like I said our intention to treat analysis which we saw that there was we met the primary endpoint of non inferiority. This was just an additional analysis right."
customer said "OK that's great."
operator said "And then the one thing this was this was only seen on our non dialysis trial. This was not an we did not see any of this in our dialysis trials"
customer said "OK OK. And and and and I do understand this and I think you mentioned this before. I think when we earlier we talked briefly on the phone when we were scheduled the meeting. And you did mention that it was in power. And I and I get that you know the on treatment was in power the same way. Right. And I totally get it. And thank you for for telling me that last time we spoke. However I think we'll see. You know I think we will we need more you know hopefully some more analysis and get a better idea what's going on with their own treatment. But it's good that you make your primary endpoint. I think there will be concerns though because we saw two of the year competitors you know get complete response letters and now we see an on treatment analysis. Even now it's just it's you know everybody's hypercritical right now. Right. So we'll see. I hope you have more data to kind of really dig into the on treatment analysis. And we have to see what the FDA does. Right. So so when is the producer date? When you gonna get approved?"
operator said "So looks like this is a hot question right now. So we're working with the FDA and then hopefully sometime early next year."
customer said "OK."
operator said "Yeah. For now. So that's I mean I will certainly keep you posted."
customer said "Definitely."
operator said "I mean happy to talk. And I and I know you wanted to hear more about the Ascend dialysis trial as well. I'll send you that information and then for the next time we can touch base about that. If you have any questions regarding that analysis. And just kind of I know you have to go but just to kind of close it out. I would if I would touch base with you quarterly is that okay with you?"
customer said "Quarterly is fine. And that something major is released or something like definitely reach out but quarterly and quarterly is fine."
operator said "And whats the best way to reach you? Email? Phone call?"
customer said "So yeah. Just just email me. Email me or I mean you can text me I'm available. You know we don't have to you know you don't have to ask me that we know each other just go ahead and send me a text like you normally do and you know and we will schedule something. Even if I have to jump on the phone we don't have to do it virtual. I'll pick up the phone. We can we can talk for about 15 minutes."
operator said "OK but I really appreciate your time Dr. Jackson I know you hopefully the weekend goes smoothly for you tomorrow and Sunday."
customer said "My weekend starts after 5:00 on Saturday. So then I have Sunday."
operator said "Enjoy after that."
customer said "I will. I will. Thank you so much. It's always a pleasure."
operator said "Appreciate it."
customer said "Next time, we'll talk. All right. Thank you."
operator said "Bye."