customer said "The recording has started."
operator said "So hey Dr. Misere it's good to see you again. I know we just briefly chatted shortly after ASCO and I know it's another sort of busy time with a long weekend coming up and and some time off coming up. So I appreciate you taking time to meet with me im curious if you have any interesting plans for the weekend."
customer said "Yeah I mean I'm looking forward to the three day shutdown. Going to do some fireworks with my kids do some time maybe maybe go up to Maine. We might do like a one night quick getaway to Maine. Jow about yourself have you got any plans?"
operator said "Very nice. No I just got some friends coming down for the weekend. Nothing too crazy. Have the kids play and spend time outside away from TVs. And computers."
customer said "Ah that's always good. That's always good."
operator said "Yeah well cool. Well I know we got about 15 20 minutes here so I want to be respectful of your time. But again I do appreciate you meeting with me at first. If it's okay with you just kind of briefly describe my role. I know last time we met you know. Well I was kind of in a different role and I want to just make sure that you've got real clarity on what it is that I'm trying to do. And then I would love to kind of have you dive into a little bit of what you're doing at your institution just so I have a good idea of what you're trying to accomplish for the year and how I might be able to help GSK accomplish some of those things. So my title as the director of medical affairs but specifically I'm focusing on academic centers in my in my geography. So I'm in the southeast as you know. And really my role is is is around forming partnerships and collaborations really trying to line up where GSK's medical objectives aligned to the institution. Thier long term goals as well and how that might mesh together. It can be clinical research. It can be real world evidence. It can be you know any type of collaboration that might help the patient. It doesn't have to be just clinical research or early phase research which is why you know I know this is the role which is why I wanted to reach out because this can really involve things like community outreach making sure patients get to their physicians for checkups or screening anything around patient literacy. So it really kind of runs the gambit as far as what I'm trying to do in the way of partnerships. And I know you've worked with MSL's in the past and mainly that job kind of revolves around data exchange scientific engagement. And we can do that certainly. But like I said my main remit and my main goal is to really foster that collaborative spirit and really form type partnerships where it makes sense you know where it doesn't you know we focus our attention elsewhere. But that gives you an idea of what I'm doing so really well for you to dive into your role and maybe a couple of high level goals of what you're really trying to accomplish for this year."
customer said "Yeah. So I know we've met in the past but I recently had a new role sort of taken over as a director of the community centers and the outreach. And part of my job is to so our academic institution has acquired five community centers and our focus is that we want to provide the high level of care that we provide at our institution out at those communities because a lot of the physicians are sorry a lot of the patients that come in from you know 100 200 miles away they don't want to come into the city deal with parking deal with traffic. And it would be great if they could come to the cusp of the city. So that's why we have these five centers located 30 miles outside. And if they can go have parking not have to worry about traffic receive the same level of care that they're receiving here at the main academic institution that that's our goal. Now these five sites are actually not part of our academic institutions. We have just recently acquired them. So these individuals that have been operating at the typical standard of a community center they will need to learn some of the academic ways and how we run things and learn the EMR learn the ethics system and things along those lines. So those are kind of the things and just the ways of working. So getting make sure that they're well educated making sure that the staff is well educated making sure that the group is running as high quality as to our academic institutions expectations. So those are a lot of the things that we want to do because we want to be able to deliver high quality care at the community center to the same level that we've been delivering at our academic center. So those are some of the activities that I've been. I've been challenged or have been focused on or will be focusing on for the next year or two."
operator said "OK OK no that's really helpful. Or is there a certain tumor type or disease state in which you maybe foresee the physicians having a little bit more of a challenge maybe some of those tumour types that require maybe a little more upfront testing or tumor type where the standard of care is just rapidly changing?"
customer said "Yeah I mean so there are many I mean obviously the you have your typical top cancers which are breast lung colon. And you know a lot of the community physicians are on top of it. The issue there is as soon as they've gone through their first line second line things start getting complicated. When do you enroll a patient on a clinical trial? When do you do the latest approved therapy? Is there something else out there that could work? So I think it's these non common tumor types. But you also bring up a good point in that genetic testing and biomarker testing is very important to us. So by by it's sort of just doing you know lung cancer and going to a platinum doublet we really want to find out what was in that tumor what's the mutation that's driving it. And so if we can get biopsies done and do some good biomarker profiling maybe we could get a better idea. And as you know by lung you know what? There's 30 40 different options. So depending on what mutation you have and we're going to see this you know with our guy and he answers we're starting to see this with breast cancer. We're starting to see this with other cancers as well. And then in the heme area the big thing now is car t cell therapy. So like lymphoma has taken off with the variety of T cell therapies that are out there. And I feel like they're starting to get into some of the heme malignancies as well like multiple myeloma and so forth so."
operator said "So yeah OK no that's very helpful as well. I mean I can't imagine what it would be like right now to be general oncologist where you're treating a little bit of everything on a daily basis. In some of my previous roles just covering one tumor type was more than enough to try to keep up with. And now a lot of these therapies are becoming tumor agnostic. And so it's even more challenging to stay abreast of all all the data. And then once you once you feel to feel like you understand the data it changes. So it's a definitely a rapidly evolving field and I don't envy that that spot to try to keep up with all that information. But that's helpful. So I know in your current role you're really focused on like we talk about community outreach and engagement are what can you give me an idea of the the patient population in your in your area and then not just for your academic center but some of these community sites that you have going on. What types of patients are they seeing from both and ethnic standpoint and also socioeconomic standpoint?"
customer said "I mean so for our for our of our five institutions they're located so that a lot of the individuals from the the larger region can travel in. One is in socioeconomically low population where really it's a lot of Latin X and African-American population where they're hesitant to seek treatment and and typically from a socioeconomic standpoint there on the lower income sort of a standpoint. So you know what we find there are patients that have cancers that are much further along because they've put off on treatment just because they couldn't get the early diagnosis they couldn't get a decent amount of first line care. So we're finding a lot of patients in that arena to be ones that have progressed further and are harder to treat. Also just the stereotype depending on what ethnicity you're dealing with. Some people just don't want to see medical doctors. They prefer to do other types of therapies and things along those lines. So I have to say that's a unique one. So I have to think of it a little bit different when I have to do my outreach or identify the right of physicians to do that outreach I got to make sure that I make that connection. But the other ones are pretty standard. They we are just trying to get them to just come in to the headquarters or the mothership just because they could get better surgical care they could get better medical care. And yes we could do the main thing here and then they could do the rest of their treatment with their local community physician. But just trying to have them come once in a while is our goal."
operator said "Do you find that you're having a lot of. You know later line therapy referrals because of that reason where patients really want to stay close to home maybe go to some other communities that are private practice for their for their diagnosis and only and then their first or second line therapy. And then once they've reached the point of sort of you know highly refractory disease difficult to treat a quality of life's gone downhill ECOG status has declined. And then you're seeing them. Is that is that sort of typical as well?"
customer said "Yeah definitely in that one center. We already have some numbers that show that the average patient coming in has a ECOG performance status of one to two as opposed to zero one. Individuals tend to be much further along I think are our lung cancer doc actually did something where he looked at the size of the tumors coming in and they were about two centimeters bigger of the average patient getting coming in versus any of the other locations. Yeah to your to your other point. Yeah I think people were hesitant to at the community centers wanting to come and get potentially better care at the academic institution. And what we're trying to do is bring some of that high level care to the community but also has the community physicians want to refer people in because it it is sort of a financial structure where if they refer a patient in you know they're there on one hand you know they're losing out on a patient and some of the traditional PCN recommended treatments that they can do. But what they could be walking away with is from the patient's standpoint maybe there is a clinical trial that is available to them that has that NCCN recommendation a standard of care but potential and experimental therapy that might actually get a better response. So I think we're trying to balance all of that out."
operator said "Yeah you bring up a good point too. I mean a lot of clinical trials are offering obviously standard of care at the same time. And so it's also it also could be an option for a patient to receive standard of care if and if they do have some economic challenges that could be beneficial you know as well if the patient is on the clinical trials. So I want to shift gears a little bit just to the role that you have now shifted into over the last seven months or so give me an idea a flavor for some of the projects that you've done to date maybe the tumor type in this specific outreach and how that's gone. What's really worked well? You know and have you done it with a former partner and kind of how that dynamic has worked kind of what's worked well? what hasn't? Just so we kind of know how the roadmap is going forward."
customer said "Yeah. I mean so some of the projects that we've done is we needed to get these community physicians as well as others up to speed. So we're doing like this education program where we have individuals from the academic centers. There are your keys podium speakers really work with them or have more frequent sort of virtual calls or roundtables take place to just engage in those conversations build those networks. I think the nursing staff needs a significant amount of education because the level of passion you see at the academic center for how they want to do their job be well informed and treat the patient is different at the community center. It's a lot of punching in punching out. I don't really want to learn. So we want to be able to do to transfer some of that knowledge. So we've tried that. As far as partnering I think trying to see I know that like Gilliard has sponsored a couple of these roundtables a couple of nursing education programs. I think there was another one with Murka as well. I think we did something with GSK but I think it was really driven by the sales rep leading it. I think maybe they had a dinner program or something like that around the the compounds because I believe that had to be something in ovarian cancer. There was some maybe it was endometrial cancer. There was a new drug that you guys had out I believe was called Jim Purley. So I think with the program around that. But other than that. Oh and then I think you guys have a REMS program or something with one of your compounds. So the pharmacists department had to connect. So so there was that. But in general like I think I think the main focus is around letting the community staff know. And then the best part that I really think is we need to empower the patients to to really get to know their own health and then come in. And I think that's a future project of mine where I want to be able to educate the patient of their status their options all of their treatment options that are available not just what's available in the commercial setting but from experimental. And things along those lines really spend time educating them so that they are involved in their decision to decide what really they want to do because I think empowering them will help them say hey I want I want my treatments to be here or I want my treatments at the academic centers or I want to go back and forth so that those are the areas that we're really concentrating on."
operator said "That's great to hear. Great to hear what you just said really strikes a chord with what GSK is aligned to doing as well really in empowering the patient to become a core member of their care team. Because when we do that we have seen the data right. It generally results in improved outcomes. The patient is more involved in their care. They're more likely to stay on top of their therapy more likely to report adverse events. So it's really a win win both for the you know the patient but also the care team to help improve that patient's care. So that area just in and of itself is a huge focus of of of GSK medical priorities. And so we actually have a term for it is very similar to what you call it of the Patient Empowerment Alliance. And it really focuses around those things you just mentioned helping the patient to become a member of their care team whether that means educating them more up front involving their caregivers helping improve the quality of the interaction with their physician or their MP or whoever it might be. Improving patient literacy is another huge focus because again we find that the more we educate the patient a lot of these issues that we're talking about resolve on their own just because of the patients more aware of the patients are more informed. They're not as tentative or scared of the unknown anymore because they now know you know they understand their disease more. So it would be great. I'm not sure if there's a specific tumor type or physician that you can think of that would really be willing to jump into something like this with us. But that's like I said a really important area that we we definitely want to be involved in"
customer said "It's of the high interest. So we have an individual on our lung team that's very involved and an individual on our Guignard team that's really involved. So let me connect you. I really think we could potentially find something here. I'll connect you because I think that is their passion. So the lung Doc Dr. Smith really does a great job. And the Dr. Johnson she he's really good as well. So I think connecting you with them would probably be the best. And let's see I actually would love to be involved in it just to hear what you guys are doing. So I could get some new ideas as well."
operator said "Yeah that sounds that sounds like a great great plan. So I'm also going to have the areas of interest. I'll send that to you as well since we talked about kind of where we're trying to go as far as areas of interest with research goes I'll send it to you and then you can disseminate that if you'd like to some of your other your other staff but definitely will follow up with yourself and the Lung Doc as well and kind of just kind of brainstorm and see where we land. But I will say to just based on the Patient Empowerment Alliance in general there's high interest in that area at a high level. But even drilling down further if we're focusing on an underserved population within that tumor type it's even more of high interest for the company as well. So."
customer said "Hey Adam I got to run because it is nine fifty nine twenty five. I forgot that I had an appointment. Sure. I didn't know if there was any other key points you wanted to talk about."
operator said "No thats it I'll follow up and will be in touch soon."
customer said "OK. Sounds good. Thank you"