operator said "No just be yourself be yourself. So great to see you as we were as you were saying you had a crazy week last week?"
customer said "Yeah it was pretty crazy. I'm happy that it's turning out to be less crazy. It's Monday right?"
operator said "Tell me about the dog in the tail. Like what happened."
customer said "Oh so the He was using the tail as like a vehicle to to get on to the dog so more like I'm going to come up from behind and and use your tail to help leverage me so that I can then jump on your back"
operator said "OK? It was like nothing."
customer said "So the poor dog who had just had ACL surgery not that long ago was like what are you doing to me?"
operator said "This is your dog?"
customer said "And she's so sweet. They're such good friends and she takes so much abuse from him honestly like she lets him do all these things. She'd never bat an eye and she's super patient. But then I feel like we've never had the conversation of like never grab a dog by its tail ever. Like any dog. We could talk about like Dahlby right in their face especially if it's a dog you don't know never touch a dog you don't know. But like I've never said like never ever grab the dogs tail. So that was the lesson."
operator said "Yeah. Did break the skin."
customer said "No he ended up having to a little welt on his nose Yeah. It was right here. So you could see where she got him like right in the bone there. But it was OK. All things considered. How's your dog with the kids. Your dogs so sweet and little."
operator said "He's good. Same kind of thing. Like if you respect his territory he's fine but he gets aggressive when he's chewing on something. So like if you try to take a toy away and he's not in play mode like he's playing with himself and not with you he gets like he'll be chewing on it and then like he just freezes and he keeps his head down. And it's kind of like that's like his position. I'm like don't touch him. Like he doesn't want to play and he'll growl and he will like nip at you and also. You know and he makes a certain like noise like it's like you don't really want to play bark versus I want to play bark. And so I'm like guys if you don't listen to his signals and he bites you we're getting rid of and it's not his fault."
customer said "So that happened to my brother in law and I feel so bad. And my kids were like my older son. When when Bella did that last week he was like well good thing she's not a rescue because we would have gotten rid of her you know because they know what happened with my which by the way that wouldn't of been true there would have had to have been a series of incidents but. My brother in law rescued they have a couple of rescues but they recently rescued last year during Covid a border collie. Have you ever had do you know how border collies?"
operator said "I have a stealthy which is kind of like a border collie."
customer said "So supersmart like super smart dogs super high energy and like instinctual herders like they want to just like bring everybody in. And this dog was just really territorial of its things like its toys. So like you're saying but like to another level. So like you wouldn't even need to like touch the dog or even like motion to touch the dog. Like if the dog had its toy and you kind of walked near the dog it would start growling like just as a warning like yeah this is my toy. Like make sure you come here so that we saw that like a couple of times. And I said to my brother in law because he did it their dog did it to to our little guy to see him while there was like a big party about to happen like a big kid's party. And the dog seemed like you know like uneasy. And so I think yo should probably put the dog in the cage because Sam didn't even touch him and he was like annoyed by his presence. So he did that day. But then there were like two or three or four maybe five incidents where he nipped Kit like bit kids not bleeding but bit him like broke the skin and for like unknown reasons like just get spooked or the kid came up behind or just like stuff like that was like and it was other people's kids with their kids. But then it was also other peoples kids. So we had to give away. But it was really good because they found this place like a rehab place that they sent him to first like a like a farm not like a kennel whenever. And they kind of assessed the dog to kind of understand how he functioned like without the kids around then then it was some sort of behavioral dog person. And then they found a home with no kids and they were just really honest like this dog needs like this kind of environment. And it will be great. And that's what it find now because the kids were so sad."
operator said "Yeah I know. That's so hard. Know you just assume you can just train your dog to do whatever and it's not true. It's like they have their own personalities and some of them just do better in certain environments than others you know."
customer said "And then some of them are just like like our dogs and nervous dog too. And she's she doesn't like. Doesn't know when they're nervous they react aggressively right? That's just like their instinct. She's nervous and it comes out in different ways but she's never she's never aggressive. The only two times I've seen her do something like that was one when she pulled on her tail and two when before we knew she really had a problem with her ACL. And I guess it was really hurting her. And we didn't know and she like kind of. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a warning."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "Yeah but now there you know still part of the family."
operator said "I know I know and you can't just get rid of them."
customer said "So Sam was like were not getting rid of her. Stop pulling on her tail."
operator said "I know you're the problem not the dog."
customer said "And I was I don't know if i told you this I was on the phone with Don when this whole thing happened. And so. I hear you know I was explaining to her that it was going to be I was most likely going to get interrupted and then I heard some kind of screaming downstairs. And as I think I'm going to have to go there's some kind of screaming. I got to go figure out. Then I told them what happened and we were having this funny texting back and forth. She's like maybe you need a crate. And we have crates she's like no for your son. That's exactly what I need. And then when I went back downstairs he had he had like a football uniform like a pretend she had put this football helmet on to his face was all covered. And then he took the dog and put her in the crate and then left her there. Well at least he's resourceful. He is like I'm gonna like protect myself."
operator said "Yeah. Oh that's hysterical."
customer said "So I sent her a picture of the dog in the crate and then he actually put the uniform on like put the shirt and the Helmet on"
operator said "Yeah. Yeah."
customer said "Like you got it under control."
operator said "Yeah it's crazy and my dog he identifies with teenage children. Why he thinks that he's just part of the pack. If the kid is like seven or under he's not so interested you know because they want to touch him and pet them. And you know he's kind of like if they're running around you want to run with them. But he doesn't want their attention because I think they're less careful with him. And babies he doesn't really he doesn't know what to do. I don't think he knows what they are. So there was like a baby like a six or seven month old and neither was sitting in the grass tiny little baby. And he just like looked at her started growling and I'm like in his tail was down. Like I'm like I don't think he knows what it is like. He's like it's not animal not person because he hasn't ever been by a newborn baby. And so I was like yeah come here look and keep away from the baby you know."
customer said "What is that? Did your kids ever watch the movie we just watched it this weekend so that's why you have me thinking about that. Your younger son maybe the Mitchells versus the machines."
operator said "I don't think so."
customer said "It's I think it's a Netflix movie like made for Netflix supercute it's a cartoon. It's really cute. But even my my 12 year old liked it. But Sam was watching it and it's reminding me of that because they had these aliens and aliens didn't recognize there. They had a pug dog which they're adorable and they didn't recognize and their heads would explode like they would look at it like pig dog go there. All these different things like that is like no one else is really cute. They're so cute. I feel like there's so few family movies that we can all watch with your age range is probably impossible. But for even for us it's like hard to find. But it's really. It's funny. Yes."
operator said "Well thank you. I know this has been a pain in the neck schedule. I really really appreciate this."
customer said "I'm glad it worked out today. I was looking at my calendar. I think it's going to work."
operator said "Yeah I was gonna text you like is this OK or not. So I mean I was ready to be like nope I don't think I can do the second one. Don't worry about it. But they're George is fine with it. He's like you know it doesn't matter that it's late so like. All right well I'm not going to worry about it and not worry about it. So. So yeah. So we can talk about the poster."
customer said "Yes I would love to yeah."
operator said "Now have you talked about this with your EE's."
customer said "I have with a couple. Turns out I didn't code it properly so didn't count but I don't know what I did. I think I coated I swear it was before it was in the drop down so I tagged them I tagged the media but I didn't pull it in the key messages. But I swear it wasn't anything messages but I swear it wasnt any key messages that Anna said so"
operator said "Interesting so what is what are your first I guess I should pack up and say there is some conversation in the respiratory world about instead of using single outcomes to assess how medications are doing it looking at a combination of different outcomes through a composite way. And one of the words that has been coming up is remission. So have you heard of that? And what are your thoughts about using the term remission in a disease like asthma?"
customer said "I haven't heard about it being used I haven't seen any data so I assume this is pretty new data right?"
operator said "Yeah recently published."
customer said "Yeah I'm curious to see how it's been defined. I think I mean I think it is a good concept because you know we we do hear it used in other disease states. And I think it's it's good to have a goal. So I think just knowing how we're how you at least are attempting to define it would be interesting. I mean I don't think of the word remission necessarily but for my own patients just. You know just sort of assessing their improvement by their own definition I think I just so I guess what I would say is patient. Patient assessment would be important to me. I'd be curious to know if you're considering the patient's perspective in this assessment or if this is purely like a typical research analysis where you're looking at measures that I may not use or other things that are just more specific to clinical trials."
operator said "OK yes. Well let me show you the data. Kind of walk you through it. And just let me know when you can see my screen."
customer said "I see I see like a piece of something."
operator said "A piece of something. Oh yes. So this was a poster that we recently presented at ATS and it is real world data from a study in Spain and it's called the Reta Study. Now you and I have talked about reality A which is also a real world study. This was set up very similar and so real world meaning that the only criteria was that the person had to have been diagnosed with severe asthma and put on Nucala by their physician. So there were no inclusion criteria that were specific to the patient. They had to they just had to be on Nucala and have at least 12 months previous history of symptoms and exacerbations and history that we can look at to see how they did previous to Nucala. And then once they were put on and. Let me show you. These are the study methods right here which was the piece that we were looking at so they had to be at least 18 initiated on Nucala and at least 12 months in previous history it was a single arm study. So there was nothing to compare to except the patient's previous versus post Nucala. And there were two hundred and sixty eligible patients from twenty four centers across state. The post hoc analysis endpoint was the proportion of patients achieving what they defined as clinical remission a year after starting and this is how they defined it. They said that it was a three way definition of clinical remission meaning that patients had to have an oral corticosteroids free for 52 weeks. So for that entire year they had to also be exacerbation free and they also have had to have an F score of at least 20. So I guess my first thoughts are what do you what do you think about those three those three measures as something that we could use to define clinical remission? Exacerbation free for a year OCS free for a year and having being symptomatic not symptomatic was measured by an F score of 20."
customer said "I think it's pretty comprehensive. Interesting to see for those that are OCS when we say OCS free and I think we'll probably see that in the data. You know what proportion of these patients were on OCS to start with how long were they on it what dose were they on what's the meaning behind that. The 52 weeks I know we always have to start somewhere. I'm a little skeptical about the duration of 52 weeks. And using a word like remission seems a little old. So maybe in the future they'll be an extension to sort of see what that looks like longer than 52 years."
operator said "Interesting. So so what if you could define it. What would how long would you want to see before you would use the word remission?"
customer said "You know again I'm just kind of pulling this out of my mind but I feel like two years would be a more reasonable amount of time especially with covid and masks and sort of lifestyle changes you kind of want to see how that all washes out. I don't know if this study overlapped if this was sort of happening before covid or just kind of want to make sure that you're factoring in all the potential triggers that a patient would encounter in in a normal setting. Right. And it's not sort of artificially reduced number because they're wearing a mask in that. So that's one thing I would say that the act I don't use. But again if there's ways to incorporate patient perspective how they're feeling I'm sure the act does that. But one thing I I know for my patients and again because this is a real world study so maybe it's possible to to measure like what are they doing with their daily maintenance inhalers? Are they continuing to take them or some of these patients stopping them because they feel so good? And are you looking at it like a variable? Because for some of the patients that's really their measure of improvement even though they're supposed to stay on them if they're feeling so good that they don't need them or they need them less that's also something that's interesting. So I think I think is a really comprehensive and stringent definition. But I would consider like looking a little further out and maybe considering some more patient patient perspectives in there."
operator said "OK well let me show you some of the other results and I'd love to get your thoughts on those. And you see the screen?"
customer said "I can yes."
operator said "OK and so you had asked about OCS dose so right down here you can see my cursor. This is OCS dependent in the 12 months pre mepolizumab. So and the orange is in the group that achieved the clinical remission versus the blue did not achieve that definition of clinical remission. So you can see about 20 percent of patients were OCS dependent prior to this versus about 52 percent of the ones that did not receive did not achieve clinical remission were OCS dependent."
customer said "That makes sense that that population would not fare as well right?"
operator said "And in terms of baseline OCS dose you know they have a higher starting dose as well like those who did not achieve clinical remission which makes sense as well. If you're starting from a higher dose it kind of leads you to believe your less controlled and maybe harder to make that clinical remission. And in terms of blood eosinophils here interestingly the group that did achieve remission had a higher eosinophil count than the group that did it. Although both of them clearly were in the criteria of what we consider eosinophilic asthma for Nucala which is above one hundred and fifty. These are patients that? Hello?"
customer said "I'm here. Oh good."
operator said "I got to talk to you in a bit. So these are patients it's so interesting. So these are patients that may have also been on a biologic before right? This is just anyone who's been prescribed Nucala because I believe. Yes."
customer said "Wow. So so these eosinophil counts are quite high."
operator said "Is that higher than you see in your clinical practice is that surprising to you?"
customer said "As an average it's surprising to me yeah it would be I mean that's probably not the focus here. Just be interesting to see what the distribution of that that was like six seventy five seems seems pretty high. So and then also just kind of making me think like maybe that's another variable to consider for the future is like what proportion of these patients were on a biologic previously versus which ones are maybe treatment. A biologic naïve which. Maybe. I mean there's probably few very few patients that were biologic naive but again kind of just an interesting thing to think about right?"
operator said "Yes and I have to go back and look I actually don't know."
customer said "Yeah I don't see it there in the in the demographics."
operator said "They were Biola Biologic Naive. Well I know that we are kind of our time. Is there any other piece of data that you would like to look at that looks interesting or would you like to reschedule since I can see that your patients are eager for you to get back?"
customer said "No I think this was great. I'd love to continue the conversation and I'd love to see more if you have updates for this data set. I think it's really cool that you guys are looking at this. And I'm glad you brought it to my attention because it's something that I will look out for now as I go to my next what is it chest is next. So maybe there'll be some interesting stuff there to see as well."
operator said "Are you going to chest?"
customer said "I'm planning on it. Can I talk about my plans these days? But yes I'm planning on it. Will you be there?"
operator said "I will not be there. No no. I got I was supposed to co lead actually so I will no longer be going in my new role so."
customer said "Oh that's right. Yes yeah."
operator said "Yeah. So you're going but you're not you're planning on going but your not co lead?"
customer said "Oh are you talking to me Mary or me Dr? You're confusing me of my roles. I am leaving. Yes. So it's myself and Terry Walker."
operator said "OK ok. That will be fun it's a big meeting."
customer said "You see I was supposed to co-lead a P too which is the month prior but I was able to get myself out of that because that was like the research state stuff and too much and plus ASTS is such a small meeting like we had two co leads plus six people going all together. It's like overkill. So I'm like if you need me I'm here. But I don't think you need me to go to the meeting because."
operator said "Well thank you for your time here."
customer said "Thank you."
operator said "I'm going to stop the recording now."
customer said "OK."
operator said "Bye."