operator said "It says recording is about to start is all right we are recording now is that come up a little bit down right then. Hi Paul it's good to see you. If it was not up for a while, how are you?"
customer said "Very good thank you. How you doing?"
operator said "Yeah not too bad thank you. Everythings a bit hectic as usual but how's uh things going in your department at the moment?"
customer said "Going good. We're hoping to get another rheumatologist in. And yeah that's the plan. Obviously you know that Joanne left. She went to another hospital. So we're hoping to get her replaced so that hopefully that's coming soon. So that's good. But keeping busy the covid cases are rising again. So yeah I don't know whether we'll be shifting to you know video medicine soon but we're just keeping our eyes on that but other than that. Yeah it's going good."
operator said "Yeah no I was just going to ask have if you've been impacted much with covid and everything seems to be going round all of us at Pfizer at the moment like wildfire. But yeah. Worse for you guys."
customer said "Yeah. Fingers crossed."
operator said "Yeah. But yeah. Good to hear that. You'll be getting a bit more support in the department which I'm sure will help. Yeah. So yeah. I mean just moving on to talking about Xeljanz tofacitinib. Like I said at the beginning it's a while since I've caught up with you. I was just kind of wondering where you are with them prescribed Xeljanz. I know you've used quite a bit of it in the past but obviously things change and times moved on. So yeah just be got to find out where you are with things at the moment?"
customer said "Yeah we um. We're probably not using as much as we did before probably after the guidance came out we got a little bit concerned. We took some of our over 65 off. Yeah been a little bit reluctant to start and smokers which is quite a lot. And obviously we've got the to baricitinib option which we've been using a little bit of. I still use some Xeljanz but I'd say it was more balanced. Than we did before we used to use it as our primary jab. Now we're perhaps not so sure about it or at least you know we have other options now which which to be honest with you is equally as good. And they don't carry the warnings you carry and the prices a little bit better. So we're still using it Annabel. So don't worry they are patients again and still. So."
operator said "Yeah. So what you said you are still using it. You just not using as much as you were before partly because of the restrictions that we've got around now where you can use it and partly because you've got other options as well that your using along side so to speak. Yeah that makes a fair summary. Yeah. And just sort of in terms of the Jak inhibitors in general where would you say tending to position those now."
customer said "To Jak inhibiters we are comfortable with the with the Jak concept so we use them pretty much straight after the first biosimilar so the guidance is that we need to use a Biosimilar and we we choose between baricitinib and adalimumab as our first choices for that. If there's a failure there a reason they can't use it then we tend to go to a Jak at that point really."
operator said "Yeah. And then when you're choosing between Jak's and obviously that some patients are still getting baricitinib. But you mentioned a paracitinib as well. I mean is there anything in particular that would make you go for one rather than the other?"
customer said "Um well I think price is one issue with this but I think. That that would be one main thing I think the safety probably is the primary just. You know you've had the caution so you know if I have to defend what I'm doing drugs work the same way but one has a label on doesn't quite honestly."
operator said "Yeah. And I mean in terms of all the safety stuff that has come out I mean are you happy and confident with with all of that do you feel you need to know anymore or are you happy with everything?"
customer said "Yeah I'm not sure I've seen much of the safety stuff. I've just seen the label have the letter through the changes and stuff like that so I backed away from it to be honest with you. So yeah I've not seen any detail."
operator said "Yeah so I mean there's a couple of things that I can show you today. But what I would suggest that you did do in terms of looking at our safety data in particular the overall surveillance study which is where the sort of extra caution came from is if you go on to our website I can send you a link when we finish talking. There is a really nice little video on there of James Galloway talking because I know a few years back when we did the James Galloway meeting that you came along to that. So yeah he explains it much better than that I would do so I can send you a link to that website and then you can go on and have a look at that little video about overall surveillance. And basically what what he says on that is just what what you were saying really in terms of the types of patients where you would use it. If you've got somebody who's over 65 and they're a smoker then they're probably not the patient. Xeljanz there are but there are still lots of patients where you can use it. And when I said there's a couple of things that I can show you today that was one of the things really just just to show you a little bit of Xeljanz data that you might not have seen before. And just a little bit more on on the types of patients who do still benefit. But yes if I forget remind me at the end and all that I remember to to send you the um video. But yeah I'll go on and share my screen now anyway because I feel like I've done a lot of talking and questioning so I'll just share my screen. Hopefully this will work. To start broadcasting. All right say. Am I can you see my Xeljanz screen now?"
customer said "I've just got Veeva popping up?"
operator said "Oh right it's probably just taking a bit of time to catch up."
customer said "Yeah looks slightly greyed outside so I guess it's trying to boot up is it."
operator said "I'm hoping so it will come through in a minute it is on my screen and I am sharing my screens. OK is it coming yet or is it still grey?"
customer said "Not yet still grey."
operator said "I'm going to just come out of that and."
customer said "There we go."
operator said "Oh is it there now."
customer said "I've got a lady walking around the corner"
operator said "Right cool, right so I will just go on to another screen. I should have started doing that actually in case it takes ages to to catch up. Have you got that screen there now?"
customer said "I've got a lady with her hands on her hips."
operator said "Yes so that's the that's the screen I wanted to, so yeah. I mean basically I just wanted to show you this page really cos um I think in terms of safety of Jaks and obviously you've mentioned that know there is more than one Jak on the market. And yes we've sort of had alerts around safety and you've been sent a letter and everything. But I just wanted to share this screen really before I go on to share anything else just hopefully to reassure you really with with some of the safety and data around Xeljanz I suppose there is a lot of things that we do know about the JAK inhibitors. And there are things again that we don't know about the JAK inhibitors because some of them are newer and they haven't been out as long. But in terms of Tosteson tofacitinib as you know it was the first oral JAK inhibitor to be licensed. So you were one of the first people to use it right from from the beginning. And it has since then gone on to get more licenses. So it's got five licenses now and it's the first JAK inhibitor to get all those licenses. And I suppose the other main thing to point out really is just the sheer amount of prescribing that we have had with it now really across all of those indications. But I mean particularly because we are talking about rheumatology as can say now the indications is it has been prescribed in over 200000 patients and we have got six trials in our right alongside all of the other trials for the other indications. But the real main bit to draw your attention to really is that we have got now nine and a half years of long term safety data in array which obviously none of the JAK inhibitors can say that because they haven't been around for as long as we have been prescribed it for quite a while yourself. But obviously it was licensed in other countries before it came to the UK and it is still recognised by EU law and still within the ACR guidelines as a recommended treatment option for RA And the other side which I would just probably go to here is just the one that you mentioned. So just to be really clear on the patients where you can and can't use it but and from what you've said it sounds like you are really clear on that. So I just wanted to talk through with you today was just to talk about some of the patients where Xeljanz is still a really good option. And I mentioned you know talking about some data that you might not have seen before for tofacitinib. And I suppose just just another question to ask you is just sort of what what are the things that you find your patients complaining about the most with their RA?"
customer said "With RA it's probably the first thing is always the pain. Yeah and then the tiredness there always feel tired and I'm not sure whether that's the disease or whether it's just not sleeping because of the pain. So yeah those are the things and the loss of activity really in their lives I think is is probably the biggest thing because there's no slides open about it unless you know that."
operator said "Oh no I didn't know that."
customer said "I've just got a white-screen screen with a pencil in the corner."
operator said "So when does it go white?"
customer said "Just as you have been flicking from the lady with the hands on the hips and then it."
operator said "Ah right so I've done two slides in the meantime. And then I had another slide on and now I've gone to the hands on the hips."
customer said "So you did this. Yes you did do the next slide which was the contraindications."
operator said "Okay. Yeah. Well hang on then. I probably flicked through too quickly then. But anyway I'll carry on with what I was saying and then I'll ask you and I'm going to show the different bits if they've turned up yet. But yeah I mean that was exactly what I was just going to say about pain and fatigue because again mentioning our website we've got a ince video on there of of Illington talking about pain and fatique in patients. And and I was at Yula recently and it seemed to be sort of real topic looking at fatigue and the impact of that lack of sleep can can have on patients. And so yeah I was just going to talk to this patient here. So she came up on your screen yet?"
customer said "No I still got white screen."
operator said "So basically what I'm trying to share on my screen now is a younger patient a patient called Jane on the screen who says that she's around 50 years old. And basically she's somebody who has a really busy life and she's trying to run a restaurant. But the is really sort of impacting on that basically. And it is making a real struggle for her to sort of run a family life in a restaurant and everything else. And what I was hoping to share with you is some data that we have with Xeljanz looking at reducing pain reducing fat fatigue and improving sleep and basically in those patients. So if the screen still hasn't come you want me to talk through that or I don't know what you want to do?"
customer said "Yeah maybe a little because I'm quite interested in that fatigue. Yeah but there's nothing come up at the moment."
operator said "Right. Okay."
customer said "It looks like there's an arrow on there that you could click back on my side."
operator said "All right. How strange. I don't know. I'll I'll put up once again and we'll see if."
customer said "There we go. wise opum I\ve got."
operator said "So that has come up and say it's just the background slide does not come up and that that is interesting. So yes basically this is some data that's taken from the oral standard trial which might you might be familiar with the stand standard trial from the efficacy point of view in terms of ACR 20 and DPI scores. But there were also some secondary endpoints within that trial looking at all the things that you just mentioned. So looking at reducing pain fatigue and sleep as well. And so within that trial Adalimumab was used as an active comparator. We can't sort of draw any non inferiority or superiority comparison from this trial. But obviously you can see some of the the numerical differences. And the other thing that you can say is the things that we already know about Xeljanz. It works really quickly. And so you can see that demonstrated here in terms of pain. You know you seeing as you would expect Xeljanz working really quickly versus placebo. And you can see that with without the map as well. So I'll just get rid of the pain one. And you can say again similar with fatigue in terms of patients reporting a reduction in fatigue. Again you can say you know we're getting really good percentages of patients there who were reporting that that improvement in their fatigue. But the one that I really wanted to show you was the sleep one because I think you know in terms of those patients when they are really suffering you know they do want something that's going to work really quickly obviously that's going to manage the symptoms in terms of pain. They're going to want something that's just going to make them feel better aren't they? And I think part of that feeling better is managing to get a good night's sleep. So I think you know in terms of the sleep data here as you can see you are starting to see results really quickly within the first month which are you know they're maintained. And again we've got the comparisons there with with placebo and just sort of as a reminder of what happened in that trial. And so if the patients hadn't got any response in the placebo group and they were switched to five milligrams of Xeljanz and when we reached the six month mark all of them switched and Xeljanz that is why you see the change in those lines there. But yeah I mean I think you probably agree with you know we've got really good changes in sleep score there which which I think is probably one of the reasons why obviously they've used Xeljanz before. And I think you know the fact that it works really quickly and the fact that it does start to help them to sleep better and just feel feel better in general really. So while she could not see see the picture of Jane she's there now. I think so yeah. I mean what I was hoping to do is with showing you all of that really was just hopefully to provide you with some reassurance that you know we do have now really long term safety data with Xeljanz you know yes we do have those cautions that we didn't have previously. But you know we got so much data now that for the right patients those ones like Jane for example you know I think there is still definitely a place for Xeljanz. So I was going to stop sharing my screen there. But before I do I'll just sort of ask you what your thoughts are on what shown you?"
customer said "Well yeah the sleep data is pretty good I think I was familiar with the efficacy because we've seen it work in the clinic but what I didn't know was the how big improvement is on sleep is not actually something we check with with patients and that will make a big difference. So that's that's new and useful information. The efficacy stuff I kind of knew anyway because I've seen it work."
operator said "Yeah yeah yeah. I think you know in terms of the patients you know for example my other half is hasn't got all right. But it is for mass and for him that whole sleep thing is it's a massive thing you know it's a massive part of it. If sleep impacted it just has such an impact on everything really doesn't it? So and I think in particular you know now we're looking at the younger end of patients with Xeljanz. I think that is sort of the thing that's it's really really important to them. And I'll just I will just stop sharing my screen now so that I can I can see you again after. So stop."
customer said "There go now I've got a big picture of myself."
operator said "I put my camera my camera's gone off as well and say I'll call you back after I'm back as well. There we go. So yeah I mean I have to give me some reassurance that I don't know if you can see if you can think of any patients sort of that that type of patient where you do want something that is going to work really quickly and help them to to get back on with their lives. Really."
customer said "Yeah well the sleep as important as definitely give me something to really reflect on and think about. Why is always the right choice now that we can give them a good night's sleep and help with fatigue that's quite important factor. Yeah."
operator said "Yeah and I suppose the other thing just to point out in terms of you know when you are deciding between the Jaks is that you know they are different in terms of activity and things like that. And we don't necessarily have the full understanding of what those differences mean for patients. But what I would say is yeah there are certain types of patients where we've seen the Xeljanz worked really well and like the ones that we were just just talking about there. And the other thing I would say as well as you know if you have already tried it and it hasn't worked or it has worked in a patient it's got a side effect. You know you can still switch between the Jaks as well. So yes just because you have tried one and it is not worth it necessarily rule out the whole class either side. That is just the other thing to be aware of."
customer said "Yeah OK fair enough."
operator said "Yep. So I don't know. Is there anything else you need to know from me today. Anything else you'd like to know or?"
customer said "that that is helpful. One to to see a bit more of the data because I wasn't aware of some of that so it's good to see that."
Operator says "Yeah. And as I mentioned I'll I'll send you that link to the website for the James Galloway video if you have a look at some of the things on there. Like I mentioned this island tan and Sarah Mackie talking about fatigue and loads of interesting stuff on there and all the meetings that were running the invitations are all on there and everything as well. So there's lots of stuff to look at that goes that good. Right. I'll catch up with you again soon. Let me stop this recording now before we were a long time 24 minutes. But how to stop this recording without deleting it or something horrible happening? Stop recording."