operator said "Hello Katie how are you?"
customer said "Hi Pete I'm good how are you?"
operator said "Got very hot. Katie are you ok?"
customer said "Yeah I'm not too bad because it's actually thunder and lightning. So we've had a little bit of cooler air which is quite quite welcome."
operator said "Marvelous. Well look I know we've only got 10 or 15 minutes following our brief conversation at BAD last week so I'll I'll get to the I'll get to the meat gravy of why I'm here. We had a discussion if you remember about the capacity issues you and the team are currently facing. Sorry. And and you said that things were tough. The waiting list was increasing. Arafat's treatment was increasing as well. And I said well I wonder if I can give you a bit of a hand. And you said you said sure? Is that a fair recollection of the conversation?"
customer said "Absolutely."
operator said "Excellent Excellent. So with that in mind I wanted to just demonstrate a piece of software that we've invested in. And Sanofi called the Resource non Medicine Cost Impact Model Service impact model is what I'm going with. Yeah yeah. I don't work in marketing and I assume the creator doesn't either. But it's a great little model as I mentioned to you. And what it basically does is it get in the price of cost the price of a product. What it does is identify as the impact on services of the use of certain drugs within the AD market. And I just thought it was worth a quick look at look at it just because it illustrates a few points which might be of use to you in the service now following along I'm going to do a generic discussion. And I'll show you in a second following it I can send you a report of all of our discussions get a little look and show the team. But what I thought might be quite nice is if if you think it's got sort of legs perhaps taking a look at the localised data and making it more specific to our BNE so you can see what the real impact of change might be to to you directly as opposed to something theoretical. Does that sound all right?"
customer said "Yeah that sounds good."
operator said "Perfect. Now I'm just going to work out how to share it and also put it in the right place. There we go on there. How's that looking? Can you see that OK?"
customer said "I can see that I'm just going to move you above my head so."
operator said "yes limit limit my face maximize the excel. So here we have it. Here's the here's the title here. But basically what we're looking to do is is is allow you to model and alter the impact on your localized service of different therapies from controlled moderate and severity AD patients. Now this is always following first line immunosuppressants. So that's that's a sort of assumption. And it mainly looks at second line monitoring costs of immunosuppressants the use of Dupixent and the use of of JAKs with it within the service. Now there's a couple of assumptions. This is a hell of a page we haven't got to read at all. There's a couple of assumptions I want to just throw at you. The first is that it doesn't include the drug acquisition cost. Right. This is about service cost of service impact"
customer said "Ok."
operator said "It it doesn't it doesn't equate to any form of clinical outcome. So this is about what happens to the service not what happens to the patient. And it also doesn't include any of the associated diagnostic costs. So how your diagnostic testing is conducted managed and reported isn't included. But the the impact of the test and the cost of the test is so any knock on costs around that aren't included in this either. OK we can take a look at that later. But this is a sort of a theoretical exercise in that really. Now in terms of the products we've used the SFPC as the sort of definitive document for what needs to be done with each drug except in the case of those immunosuppressants where they're unlicensed. And in that instance we've used the BAD guidelines as a kind of redirection of what should be done. So so you might do things differently locally. But that's that's the kind of assumption. does that sound alright?"
customer said "Yeah that sounds fair."
operator said "Yeah. Any questions on that or is that pretty self-explanatory?"
customer said "No I think it's pretty self-explanatory."
operator said "I mean we can read all of this but let's not read it now."
customer said "I'll read it in the report when you send it."
operator said "Thanks. Thanks Katie. Excellent. So let's dive in now. What I'm hoping to do I mentioned this right from what I'm hoping to do should you find this of interest. And I think he will is is localized this to your specific data or ideally however for the sake of of illustrating the point because time is relatively limited. What I've done is I've just thrown in 100 random moderate severe uncontrolled AD patients as I started. Yeah. And again so that's the first kind of real liberty I've taken. The second one I've done to illustrate the point is just divide that patient number up evenly between the four options. So a quarter of them are going to go after first line immunosuppressant or dupilumab. The quarter are going to go on another immunosuppressant cyclosporin a quarter of them instead of psychotrauma going. The other one methotrexate and then 25 percent of them will go on a JAK inhibitor. In this case paractibib happy with that for an assumption?"
customer said "Yep."
operator said "okeydokey. So as I mentioned previously what we're then doing is we're using the SNPC or the BAD guidelines to say right this is what the company or the affiliated national body say we should be doing in terms of monitoring that patient. What does that mean over a year and what does that mean in subsequent years? And the kind of three ways we're looking at it is the number of interactions required to conduct that kind of that kind of monitoring the the number of minutes the time it takes to do that and the cost of those interactions as well. So that's and that's the limit. And then we've got"
customer said "time cost and what was the first one?"
operator said "time cost and number of interactions a number of interactions because I know I mean as we move into the world of ICS things like block contracts aren't quite so important but they still are at the moment. So I thought that was all worthwhile. And and I'm also assuming you as a service lead would kind of be across what impact your service can have on AD as a whole not just on your individual patients as well. So it'll be worth looking at so we can change any of these numbers. But this was just my last respects. So if we take dupilumab here then what you can see down this side is the the number of of interactions tests required. And it's split out by time frame because that's the way the S&P sees it. So what happens in one to eight nights a year and then in subsequent years? And as you can see we're starting the drug. We're monitoring it at 16 weeks to make sure it's working. But actually the SNP states that no other monitoring is required. Now I'm I'm mindful of the fact that's not actually what happens did at the moment is it? Or have I got that wrong?"
customer said "We tend to do a yearly one. So I just to actually. Yeah it's not a major issue if it doesn't happen because we've also used it a lot from the words from launch really so."
operator said "So you actually got rid of that ongoing monitoring that you used to. Yeah pretty much. OK. OK so that's that's great. That's a first with what I found quite interesting about what I don't sell these products. I understand they're very good. Is that both both the immunosuppressants actually are quite resource heavy when it comes to monitoring. So there's a succession of blood tests blood pressure tests and X-rays required. And actually when you break those down over a 12 month period you're looking at between depending on product between 13 and 17 individual interactions just in monitoring alone with both of those now."
customer said "Can you make it a little bit bigger sorry Pete I can't."
operator said "I probably can."
customer said "There we go a bit better. Yeah Thank you."
operator said "Okeydokey so we can see here that keeps a number of interactions the time spent in order to conduct those approximated what that does in terms of cost and if that's aggregated here here at the bottom. And then what we've what we've got across the bottom here are the number of patients that would equate to so we said 100 hundred twenty 25 what that means per patient in year one and year two and what that means community for that number of patients in a year one year two for the medicine costs the total patient cohort. And you can see there that although not inconsequential for depicts the impact on service for both of both of the immunosuppressants is markedly higher due to the number of monitoring appointments. And actually even for the more recent JAK inhibitor products paracitibib in this case really quite extensive as well. So again no assumptions on efficacy impact to service. Quite market surprise to you? Or is that what was that kind of what you would expect?"
customer said "Do you know it's one of those things that I kind of knew the extent wasn't as resource heavy but actually until it's written out in black and white you don't quite realize how much is. So yeah that is quite and that's only 25 patients."
operator said "Yeah you got a fair assessment of what we obviously do here is we would never rely on a table when a graph a graph would do so. You can see here what that means cumulatively over a five year period. But what you've got down here is the kind of breakdown. So you've got the breakdown here by the number of tests by product. So should be quite easy. Ready reckoner there to sort of follow Dupixent along over a five year period and see what that would mean. What you've got with with cyclosporin methotrexate in this case paracitnib as well. And then we've got the number of tests here. We've got the number of interactions. And I think that's the important one for me because the more that we can we can free up your time the more patients you can you can see that the lower the you know the backlog will be in the longer term I suppose. And then what that means in relation to time as well. Now we can we can muck around with any of these bits and bobs. We can take tests out attested to make it more specific to you. And I think it might be quite useful to do that as a as a kind of exercise in impact of product choice. Would would this alter perhaps the amount of immunosuppressants you're currently cycling through before you consider dupilumab?"
customer said "Um yeah I mean as a serice lead I don't have any clinical decisions or sway on that but I do have sway on the fact that we've got to try and reduce appointments et cetera et cetera. So I am more than happy to take this to the clinical team because I think it is it is quite impactful showing the sort of effect it has on our service. So if there are any patients that are cycling which a lot of my conditions have told me they don't but I'm sure there are still some probably either within the system already or some that people maybe are not naturally thinking about topics it straight away. So I think yeah I think if you can send the report and I can then present that to the clinical team it's definitely worth the discussion. Yeah for sure."
operator said "I think I think you're absolutely right. I mean I've I've worked with a couple of of other accounts where exactly as you say people don't when when you ask them out like when they look into their their sort of patient list they find that they do. I think and again this is my opinion why should my opinion as a drug rep have any sway? What's my experience if nothing else? I I think it's great when you've got a series of options. What I don't want to do is ever be in a situation where clinically you're limited. If Patient X requires this product they require it. You know and I know you've always said that to me in the past. Similarly for the for the for the the average patient but for the standard patient coming through the system sometimes a guideline which illustrates where we as an account prefer people to go sometimes helps is all I would say. Yeah. So I'll send that over as requested. When's the the meeting. Is it still monthly. So the week after next?"
customer said "Yeah."
operator said "Yeah would it be ok if I dropped you a line after that just see how it went if anything further is needed?"
customer said "Yeah and I think if if it is something that we want to look further into. You said at the beginning about so this is just a bit of a snapshot for a generic amount of patients. So it might be worth me looking at. Yeah looking at our individual pixels also for the commissioners as well. It's a good way of saying look why we're using perhaps a little bit more Dupixent and because of the need and how the drug cost and that. And we all know that Dupixent is more expensive. But then again it's commission funded. So at the moment we're ok but I can see as we move into the ICS and the funding flows change we need to be able to have our ducks in a line. And No. You know our arguments against why we're using certain things so as the"
operator said "justification piece yeah absolutely right which on that base basis I mentioned at the beginning making it perhaps more localized in the event that meeting goes well let's hope it does. Would you be okay with me perhaps giving Carl your dermatology pharmacist a shout and perhaps localizing it to our DNA so you can see what it what it actually looks like for you? I suppose I'd ask just because Carls quite hard to get hold of after that meeting. If you could drop the line and just say I'm a coming that'll be excellent."
customer said "For warn him."
operator said "Yeah it that alright?"
customer said "That's fine."
operator said "I know you've got to get off. So so thank you so much for your time. I'll send the report a second and I'll give you a shout and perhaps perhaps two two and half weeks. Is that alright?"
customer said "Yeah that'll be perfect thanks for your time."