operator said "Five four three two one. Ok all morning Kerrianne. Good to see you."
customer said "Hi Jason."
operator said "Yeah thanks for your time today. Really appreciate the opportunity as you know just to set up the meeting. I just really want to go through our resource and no medicine cost model for the uncontrolled patients with moderate to severe atopic dermatitis if you recall this doesn't include drug acquisition costs. This is purely looking at resource unnominated medicine cost comparison in particular as you know carry on within atopic dermatitis. We're looking at monitoring of resource costs with JAKs biologic therapy and also Dupixent as well which obviously I haven't invested interest in anything else before going forward. What you'd like to maybe ask if or should we just go for the model and see what arises?"
customer said "Yeah happy to do it that way if you go to model and then I'll I'll let you know if any questions."
operator said "Ok super so just ready with the model. This disclaimer and this is really important the output of the model depending on the assumptions described within the model the data that uses selects or decides to input to the model. And then Sanofi accepts no liability for the losses arising directly or indirectly from the use of the model of its output. Because it sounds like a bit of a financial broadcast you know with the T&Cs we have to go for it with a model because if you can see here that the model assumptions and as I say just to reiterate the model does not include drug acquisition costs. The model compares costs and results with quite a modest treatment of moderate to severe and uncontrolled all patients after that first immunosuppressent. And then I can take you through all the model assumptions. But Kerrianne if you can just have a quick look because this is really important just on the assumptions of the model."
customer said "You can go on."
operator said "Your happy with the model assumptions and just just some of the key other points as well. The only way we can amend and if we want to delay we can use the reclear button on the page as well. There are default monitoring assumptions. We can go in and override those if you wish to. But the fact just for the sake of the model as it stands which is code for the model as it is with the current settings I don't want to go into discussion if that works for you Kerrianne."
customer said "Yeah got it."
operator said "Super right. So with the front sheet. What we've got here is this is currently for the North West Anglia Trust is the data taken of three hundred and forty nine moderate and severe uncontrolled AD patients to the throughout managed to acquire. This is obviously Schoubroeck and for Peterborough as well. What I've done here Kerrianne and you may want to override this remember I was telling you about the great we can override this where the treatment goes after first immunosuppressive. And again just this is kind of my insight to the treatment treatments. Hinchingbrooke obviously mainly at Petersburgh. I've come to pick them up 20 percent cyclosporin which as you know is licensed to 40 percent. Methotrexate as we know is unlicenced but it's still used 30 percent. JAKs at 10 percent. OK are you happy with that or would you like to override it?"
customer said "No I think that sounds fair."
operator said "Ok so. What's interesting is if you look at dupilumab year one non medical costs per patient one hundred and twenty five pounds and then if you take into consideration those patients no medical costs to service patients eight thousand three hundred is just just shy of nine K If we call it. And then you've got the following years if you remember with dupilumab there is no follow up meetings and there's no further monitoring. However when you start to look into the realms of some of the immunosuppressants for instance let's look at methotrexate which is not licensed here one per patient you're looking at near enough. Twelve hundred pounds and for those total patients second line one hundred and twenty five K item for the following years forty two thousand pounds. So there's a significant amount of resource time and money going into monitoring. And then you've obviously got the JAK inhibitor paracitinib. You know if you look at the patient. Five hundred and fifty pounds and again. For the rest of the patients you can get around 19k and then for the following years it's still a significant amount of time and cost. But again to reiterate this is not a drug acquisition cost. Is it purely resource time?"
customer said "So can you explain to me how the the percentages of patients using each medicine comes into this? So so we use in twenty five percent for each of the four medicines but those numbers give us a more accurate reflection of the comparative cost?"
operator said "Yes course I can do that now. Really good question and I did this with a colleague the other day, here we go. And if we were just go to it broke down just by per patient just do this. You see that now yeah."
customer said "OK."
operator said "So that puts into context isn't"
customer said "Um hmm it does. Quite a significant difference."
operator said "Yeah anything in particular which stands out Kerrianne?"
customer said "The immunosuppressants. The year one cost for the immunosuppressants I'd say yeah. So can you talk me through how you came to these figures?"
operator said "How do you mean? ."
customer said "For the individual therapies."
operator said "The figures well the figures this is uncontrolled patients from the area which is the data taken from the data we have internally from controlled patients in the north west anglo trust. And as I say."
customer said "So in terms of have you got any breakdowns of the monitoring for each therapy? Yeah yeah that would be great."
operator said "Just before I go on up going back to three four nine current back to the original split of what we had before."
customer said "would be great. Thank you."
operator said "Ok thanks so go 20 percent. And then did we say 40 percent."
customer said "yep 30 10."
operator said "Thank you great stuff then I can go into the breakdown and you can say so these are all the costings for dupilumab for example so you've got clinical interactions. Pretty much without one interaction one hospital consultant signed Nurse time and pharmacist time again you can see here weeks nine to 16 Again just annually you can see the actual costs the other cost there's no need for chest x ray. There's no need for blood pressure Krapnin or other costs. And you can see as we'll come on to it in a second. If you look at cyclosporin. As you can see here you've probably had experience yourself Kerrianne is what counts UNE lipids. I mean there's a whole plethora of tests that you have to do with the cyclosporin. And again looked at methotrexate a similar picture. So again you're probably familiar with that I would imagine Kerrianne. So probably not foreign for yourself, and then JAKs with Paractinib again there's a perception because that tablets you still need even though you're not getting the patients give the medication there's still a significant amount of follow up and with full blood count Alexei's you and A's et cetera. So that really does impact on resource time as you can imagine and hten sorry."
customer said "No that's fine. I was just going to ask you. So here we are with hospital consultants see patients week 16 to check week 12 to check if they've met the requirements to continue on therapy. So that's the case with JAKs and dupilumab. So could you allow for that in the model here? Because I know it says here we've allowed 15 minutes with the hospital consultant on a week between week nine and sixteen but not for dupilimab."
operator said "Yeah what we could do here is if we go we've got. We've got 20 minutes already built in weeks nine to sixteen any way with dupilumab"
customer said "With the Nurse though right."
operator said "Sorry and so you want to add in?"
customer said "Consultant"
operator said "consultant if we go. Let's go. You've got 30 minutes at initiation so what we could do we could do. Let's just put 30 there."
customer said "Ok"
operator said "Let's see what happens now."
customer said "Perfect."
operator said "What we can do what's great with the breakdown carry on is that we get the resource in time the additional resources and then there's another side of the template which will look at the costings due to the increased resource. Which is quite interesting. So obviously I'll change that now with Dupilumab we've gone through the costings of cyclosporin resource time methotrexate paracitinib to that if we go to just the sheet now required resource required for patients. So obviously a test required to see with dupilumab you don't need any testing for one cyclosporin. You can see that you want up to five interactions across the other across all medications but then again time spent five minutes. So it's got this pretty robust Kerrianne on how they break it down. And then you know we split it. 20 40 30 10 you remember said in the grey boxes we can amend future moving forward I kind of pre-empted this we can change this around 40 40 10 and 10. Do you want me to amend that or does that sound if we were looking to the future projects?"
customer said "That sounds reasonable."
operator said "Ok so again we look at that was sort of pushing the current model of resource current estimate versus future estimates. I mean it's again it's quite profound. So again the take home message tests of patience for dupilumab still don't need any. If you look at InterAction's if we go with the increase to 40 percent with dupilumab but again if you look at the interactions compared to cyclosporin and even with methotrexate it's still significantly lower. And that's you can extrapolate that into the minutes of time spent. Current and then future."
customer said "So is this this is about time this section then rather than cost?"
operator said "Absolutely. But on the next one will go into the realms of costs which are quite profound"
customer said "Yeah yeah."
operator said "So again I talked a lot any questions there anything surprised?"
customer said "No say my biggest question really is that those are the JAK inhibitors coming onto the market so um this might change in terms of the percentages that we use of each therapy when you know opposition have been never reimbursed so that's just one thing I'd say really."
operator said "That's a really good. I'm sure our colleagues at HQ are working on an updated model as we speak."
customer said "Sounds great."
operator said "So we're going to resource this is obviously looking at now Additional medicines against the resource side, kept in those future estimated from the resource sheet if that's okay with you Kerrianne."
customer said "Mm hmm."
operator said "So we will look at future. So toss the patient and then if we go extrapolate that patient's current and then future. So if you look at dupilumab in the future you can see pretty much stable just up 12k every year after year one. However even if you look at map methotrexate which we reduce you're still looking at fourteen point two K after year one for the next four years. And again even look at paracitinib which again just to reiterate is a tablet. You've still got all that resource time cost. Yeah and that's with thirty five percent of those five of those patients going on to paracitinib. You've got one hundred and forty onto to dupilumab."
customer said "Bit fiddly isn't it?"
operator said "Yeah yeah its its I think the last two You know the last to Excel pages put it into graph form it really does resonate."
customer said "right."
operator said "just seeing that hollistically and think if you practice at Peterborough for at the moment when you see those numbers you know we're talking about in license with dupilumab with ISBC and the very fact that you do not need to monitor the blood tests et cetera the profound effects up to years to get the savings to be impacted into your particular clinic with AD."
customer said "So I know you've said that this model doesn't factor in drug acquisition costs. So how do you think that that comes into play?"
operator said "Yeah obviously those things would cost if you look at the JAKs they'll have a house price we have a house price which I think you do have access to the on the cattle to carry on. So obviously we you take into consideration the drug costs. But this is purely looking up I think because we said at the start there's a perception with Dupilumab the additional costs because of monitoring et cetera. Right. But let me say you don't need to do that. And it's just a cost saving surgery to have another model which is called Pathway Pro which has looked at your particular service within it. It's currently set for STPs and ICS and the old CCG but it's still still as useful for your part of the world. And that does take into consideration drug costs as well."
customer said "That would be great, it would be great to see that at some point with you Jason."
operator said "Definitely take you through that."
customer said "Great."
operator said "So further actions Karen what do you thnk we should do next. do you have a service manager with Peterborough for the moment that might be interested to have a look at this?"
customer said "Oh yes I do. That'll be great."
operator said "Perhaps we could have a meeting. I could also take you through. She's actually seen pathway pro. She hasn't seen the results in that model. So perhaps I could do a recap of the pathway that would benefit you to see that."
customer said "Great, good option."
operator said "Ok well let's arrange that again Kerrianne. I really appreciate your time. One last thing."
customer said "Yeah."
operator said "Can I say this to you on PDF? I've got your permission to email it to you everything we've just gone through."
customer said "Yeah you can do."
operator said "So I put it through and I can send it to you after this call."
customer said "great. Thanks very much Jason."
operator said "That Kerrianne really appreciate the time. And I'll arrange the next meeting thank you very much."