customer said "Hello Gwen speaking."
operator said "Hi Gwen. Thank you so much for taking the call. My name's Olivia and I'm calling from Smith Nephew. And actually you may be aware Smith and Nephew manufactured the Allevyn wound dressings that you use in the health board. And I was just hoping to have a quick customer support call with you just around the usage of those dressings and sent you a free educational training resource where we're sharing out as well and having a couple minutes to speak now?"
customer said "Yes let me check my time. Yes I do."
operator said "Brilliant just quick before continue I do have to let you know calls your record of training of monitoring. Is that okay?"
customer said "Yeah. Yeah."
operator said "So I start off by asking are you using the Allevyn wound dressings in the surgery?"
customer said "Yes we are."
operator said "Brilliant OK. Would they be your first choice for the wound you're seeing some dressings?"
customer said "We do use a lot of them. Obviously depends on the wound. But yes generally we do quite a lot of them. Yeah."
operator said "Just remind me in Betsy Hellford. Do you order directly from Onpose is it? Would you get them prescription?"
customer said "Forman and Forman. I think it's Formain I guess that's why we get all dressing from."
operator said "Brilliant Ok obviously I know surgery for a variety of patients but is that a common wound you tend to see and use Allevyn regularly?"
customer said "Leg wounds generally Yes yeah yeah so sore or traumatic wounds generally I've only been in nursing since April so I'm just going off what I have seen. So we have abdominal wounds as well but yeah that's coming."
operator said "OK and when you have been using Allevyn on the wound are you sort of happy with the performance? They stick on. Lasting sort of seven days that kind of thing?"
customer said "Sometimes we are not using them for seven days just Because the wounds are quite. They require earlier so they're not really lasting the seven days. But some people do tend to have a skin reaction to Allevyn. So we generally move it to mepilex then."
operator said "OK so for reaction to people who have reactions it's probably the adhesive that they're reacting to. So you may be aware of the Allevyn adhesive range uses an acrylic adhesive whereas the Allevyn gentle border range uses silicone adhesives. So if they are allergic to one it might be worth trying to get them."
customer said "We generally use the gentle board which is the patient kind of like that."
operator said "Do you see a lot of elderly patients?"
customer said "If I am seeing elders patients I'm going to go with a gentle border simply because of the skin quality. Yeah so. Yeah so but some still do have an issue with it so I'll ship them to metabolised."
operator said "Yeah fair enough. Because the that the critic ahesive says is a different kind of ECG it might not be allergic to acrylic adhesive a very strong adhesive and it's not really recommended on fragile skin. That's why we have the gentle border and that if they're having a reaction to it it's just unfortunate I guess."
customer said "It doesn't happen all the time. It's just some people say yeah yeah."
operator said "OK. And you mentioned how sometimes the dresses don't stay on for as long as you need it. Well that having to change more than seven days and they should be lasting up to if that's due to the amount of X date that's coming out of the wound the Allevyn long range which is a five layer range which is more heavily sedated wound and that's also on the Formulary for the area. And so that"
customer said "I have used that and I have a patient that basically she ripped off. If she can smell"
operator said "OK."
customer said "She'll change it just because she can smell it. And you know no matter what you tell her it's smell about the smell. So yes she definitely will change it as frequently as you say."
operator said "OK well obviously we can't really control the patients that much in terms of how they look after their dressings. But on the whole the dressings are staying on for as long as they can depending on the level of oxybate. And she's good to hear. So that's just thank so much for sharing information about usage. If there was any feedback you got to give on ways you can improve or more shape or anything like that that comes to mind?"
customer said "Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm. So I mean so far I'm happy with the variety I might not have always the whole variety in which my bad not yours but yeah. I mean I do like the Allevyn in life forms and. They've been quite useful on some of my heavier wounds but yeah."
operator said "Yeah Brilliant OK in that case and the other thing I want to quickly speak to you about Smith and Nephews online training support so a website called Education Unlimited and located on the Web"
customer said "Unlimited?"
operator said "Unlimited. Yes. And on the website is a series of modular of the videos around wound care so that the videos ranging between five to 20 minutes around different wounds not healing wounds chronic wounds pretty much every attempt to cover wound care. And the videos do equal CPD points. So at the end of each video the instructions on how to register CPD points. So a lot of clinicians find them quite handy to have because sometimes training can be like a whole day thing. You've got to set aside a half day and there's not always time to do that. Whereas having a range of videos like Bite Size that easy to fit in around your duties around your clinics or seeing patients kind of thing. So they're just there to support you with that continue to pressure continued professional development learning. So if that would be helpful for you I can take your email and send you the link over."
customer said "Yes that would be great. It's Gwen dot Robinson. Wales dot NHS dot UK. I think you that one."
operator said "Yeah that's usually but the Welsh. So all over to all the resources are 100 percent free of charge. There's no cost to using the website or subscription fee or anything like that. It's all 100 percent free. And you do have to register with the website just because it's a obviously an educational resource for health care professionals. So there is an a log in. And if you do have any issues with registering or any questions my details will be at the bottom of the email. So maybe give you a call back and maybe about a month just see what your thoughts and feedback, double you got the email."
customer said "Yeah yeah."