customer said "Good morning Maytrees."
operator said "Hello, good morning is Olivia about?"
customer said "She is, may I ask who's asking?"
operator said "Yes of course. My name's Antonia from Smith and Nephew. I spoke to her a couple of weeks ago regarding Allevyn gentle border and some online education. I just wanted to make sure she got the email really and have a quick catch up with her if she's got two minutes."
customer said "OK there we are."
operator said "Thank you."
customer said "Hello. Hi. Good morning."
operator said "Good morning Olivia. How are you today?"
customer said "I'm OK. How are you?"
operator said "I'm not too bad. This is Antonia from Smith and Nephew. If you remember I spoke to you about Allevyn gentle border a couple of weeks ago."
customer said "Yes."
operator said "Oh good. I'm glad you remembered. I'm just to remind you these calls are recorded for training and monitoring purposes. Is that OK to continue?"
customer said "How long are we going to have the call? Because I have to somewhat crack on because I'm busy at the."
operator said "Literally two minutes, two minute darling. All I want to do. No I won't take your time. I know I've just sort of called without an appointment. So I just wanted to check that you got the email."
customer said "Yes I did."
operator said "You did. And have you had the chance to have a look at our woundclub yet?"
customer said "No I haven't had the time since"
operator said "Oh that's OK."
customer said "I can do it over the weekend, I mean."
operator said "You can do it whenever you want to. Please don't feel pressurised. I just wanted to really make sure that you've got the emails. The whole idea the whole idea is there to support you for when you have got time to do it. Some of the modules are very short. So that's all. Umm one of the things that I could send across to you today, if you're interested in, I know that you do have a leave in there at the nursing home. We've got some really good posters that we can send out now that I've been given recently. And one of them is really good about how to dress awkward areas. Would that be of interest to you?"
customer said "Yeah yeah. Because at the moment we do have somebody who's I recommended to get that leave in and its working beautiful."
operator said "Oh fantastic. I'm so pleased. Is that from my conversation."
customer said "Yeah yeah, and then I"
operator said "Oh that's nice."
customer said "I like I like that Alleyvn. I mean it's just based on the wound it would have just suited."
operator said "Oh fantastic. What sort of wound was it that you used it on?"
customer said "It was on an ankle but it's in an awkward position. And then a lot of pressure goes on it. So you don't need something there."
operator said "Oh bless her. Oh. Absolutely. Well listen I'll send that poster over. I'm really pleased that you thought of Alleyn to use and keep me updated how she does it. No that's really good. I'll probably phone back in a couple of weeks give you a chance to have a look. But if you've got my email details now, if there's anything I can help you with before just drop me an email. And umm"
customer said "OK."
operator said "And you know if there's anything I can answer I'll be here to help you OK?"
customer said "All right. OK."
operator said "Lovely to talk to you again Olivia. Have a lovely day."
customer said "Thank you, you too."
operator said "Bye for now."