customer said "Hello"
operator said "Hello hi"
customer said "Hello Jean-Pierre speaking."
operator said "Hi Jean-Pierre. Yeah I'm my name's Zara. I am calling from Smith and Nephew and so we make a Allevyn. Are you familiar with the Allevyn?"
customer said "Yes."
operator said "Yes perfect. So we are just providing some support in parts of on new remote team and we're providing support around Skin tears and the use of Allevyn on the skin tears. So could I just ask what's your process? If you were to have a skin tears presented within the home what would be your kind of process to deal with that?"
customer said "Um depends of the skin tear if it's a minor one. So what we have we have like those steri strips inadine or dry dressings like things like Softpore or Mepore."
operator said "OK. OK and is that been set? Is that something you do as standard or is that something that's been set by a district nurse or a Doctor."
customer said "That's standard from what we can order internally so from from our supplier and then if we have any complex wounds or something then we obviously we need to involve the GPs and PCN."
operator said "I see OK I'm just wanted to check. Are you familiar with an organization called ISTAP?"
customer said "I don't think so."
operator said "OK that's fine so it's OK so I stop is the International Skin-tear Advisory Panel. So part of that kind of job essentially is to obviously provide information around Skin-tear and also then some advice about how to use them so that current guidelines have been updated to say suggest they should be a foam dressing that's used. Have you ever tried using something like Allevyn gentle board on a skin tear before?"
customer said "Yes yes."
operator said "Great. How is how is that worked for you when you've had the skin tear and you've used Allevyn?"
customer said "Okay. Yeah definitely."
operator said "And how do you feel it compares to using things like steri strips or Mepore for example?"
customer said "Um I to be honest I think they're better and they stick better. The quality is definitely much better in Allevyn."
operator said "OK and is that something that you would then potentially think about using as a more standard practice?"
customer said "That needs to be approved by our operations manager so if we need to buy them they need to be approved or if we request them from the GPs then then then it's fine."
operator said "OK so you do do you do your ordering via the GP for prescriptions or do you have an internal service or something?"
customer said "So we have a supply area for like I said for minor wounds for skin tears. And then if it's a. Like an infected wound or a pressure sore then the GP has to prescribe them."
operator said "I say OK that's fine. So do you have any skin tears in the home currently?"
customer said "Yes yes."
operator said "And what are you currently using? Are you using steri strips or Mepore? or?"
customer said "Most Mepore and Inadine"
operator said "Using some Inadine and then some Mepore on top to secure that in place. Do you obviously mentioned that you have a stock of some Allevyn how would you feel about potentially removing the Mepore and the Inadine and trying Allevyn gentle border on one or two of the skin tears?"
customer said "Oh like I said it's not a problem we can so that's fine. The only thing that I like I said if we need to buy them then is to go to the head office"
operator said "OK"
customer said "We can not buy them straight from."
operator said "No that's fine. What I was hoping is that if potentially you could use that on a skin tear and then if I could call you back in about a week and a half ten days and we can have a chat about how that's progressed. And then with that conversation in mind I could perhaps speak to your operations manager and discuss ordering and see how we can support you to kind of work alongside the guidelines that I've been put in place for skin tears as well. So would you be comfortable with using a couple of Allevyn dressings on a skin tears?"
customer said "Yes. Yeah."
operator said "Brilliant. Well I'm going to do that jean peirre here and I'm going to give you a call back and let's say about a week to 10 days maybe next Thursday or Friday. And we can discuss how the use of that foam dressing has worked with the skin tear and then from that I'll have a chat with the operations manager."
customer said "Yep OK"
operator said "That's great Jean-Pierre thank you so much for taking the time. Could I just ask your surname please? Because I've got to write down who I've spoken to today."
customer said "Amegan"
operator said "Amegan. Perfect. Thank you so much Jean-Pierre I really appreciate that. And I'll speak to you again in about maybe about a week"
customer said "OK that is absolutely fine."
operator said "OK take care Jean-Pierre, have a good day."
customer said "And you bye bye."