operator said "OK."
customer said "Hello Michel speaking."
operator said "Hi Michel. My name's Zara. I'm calling from Smith and Nephew. How are you today?"
customer said "Yes fine thank you?"
operator said "I'm good thank you. I'm calling because I'm part of the new team with Smith and Nephew. And we want to do is offer support for the youth around our dressing's and many of you use Allevyn?"
customer said "Yes course we are. We still use it. Yeah. Brilliant."
operator said "Oh brilliant. OK so I think the main area that we wanted to focus on and it's going to take a bit of fact finding from me I'm still a bit new to the area and the use of the Allevyn around skin tear has been presented with a skin tear. What would be your process?"
customer said "And basically it's like obviously you have to see if you can depend on the skin tear. You can gently mold it back into place and then keep it dry. And then it's the first line is an Allevyn on that. And if it needs anything else really and then you know we normally find after about a week it's done the job."
operator said "Brilliant I'm really glad to hear that you've mentioned the use of potentially something else. Is that with anything Allevyn or instead of Allevyn?"
customer said "No it would be with Allevyn. Sometimes we might find you know it is a bit of infection a bit of an iodine or if we find this no granulation a bit of wet evacuation or something. But and Allevyn all the you know the secondary dressings we put on them."
operator said "OK and so that's really good to hear. I'm glad that it's working well and that you've kind of got the use of of using whatever you need to around that. And is there any is there any time where you wouldn't perhaps use Allevyn?"
customer said "Um let me see. The only um we've got a lady who's on steroids and she does have a Allevyn but sometimes depending she has a lot of skin tear and depending on what wound she's got. And on occasion we have ordered by a Biatain that I'm silicone but very kind of rarely to be honest. I'm one of the gentlemen last week came out buy a chain for a foot ulcer but we always go for a in gentle border really."
operator said "OK in terms of the decision behind using Biatain for those particular patients what drives that decision?"
customer said "And I'm not sure because I haven't ordered it but I think it is basically the nurses who have ordered the silicone. But then I've tried to explain to them but that's the same as Allevyn you know it's it's still the same you know it's just as soft. And I don't I don't think there is much rationale because and if you're going to offer any kind of popping in or something that would be brilliant because we have got some nurses from abroad who don't actually you know understand a lot of our dressings at the moment."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "And trying to get them to understand you know it is a medical product and there are reasons why we have that. But also we've only found Biatain sometimes coming out of hospitals you know so we sometimes yeah we we always go for Allevyn. You know when ordering and so we've got hail also at the moment which we have a Allevyn for gentlemen and came in with a potential diabetic foot house. We used use Allevyn for skin tears. I think that's our main thing. And we very rarely have pressure sores. But if we do we go for leaving. I'm for protection as well you know. Yeah sometimes. Yeah. Especially with the lady with just a high dose of steroids. It may be a little scab one week but we know if we don't just protect that for one week it's going to be something worse the following week."
operator said "Yeah and that's really good. It sounds like you're very proactive which is so lovely to hear. Like of the patients seem like they're really really good really good hands with you as a team which is so lovely to hear some of the nursing homes. It's so good to see that they say ah you know what we just reported and we have to just see how it goes. And it's unfortunate but it sounds like you guys are really on top of things."
customer said "Yeah well I used to be the um manager for the District Nurses in Malvern so I used to go and see a lot of residential homes and a lot of nursing homes unfortunately where nurses weren't able to understand dressings as such. And I did find you know some of them are quite old you know archaic. I couldn't give you a rationale to why they're using this and that and. Yeah I'm part of the tissue viability for Worcester anyway so."
operator said "Oh you are. Okay well that's good to know because I know the wider team that I work with is dealing with tissue viability and we do have that kind of backing with Allevyn in which is always good to hear."
customer said "Yeah I I don't know. How long have you been there. Because you would you you would know Jackie. Stephen Haynes No or yes?"
operator said "I feel like I heard the name before but I have actually on been over here working on this patch three weeks. I did everything."
customer said "That she was I think she was just a professional but she has retired. But she was part of the Worcestershire. She developed the wound Formulary that we've got in Worcestershire. And she was the big head honcho after the European wings and things like that. But she's retired now. But she would make sure the all district Nurses and she was quite um she was quite a woman um and she would insist that everybody would go and join the viability you know team etc. . So we all had no choice at that time but."
operator said "Kept everybody on board."
customer said "And she she was sponsored a lot by yourself Smith and Nephew. She would you know. Yeah. She took you to the grave with her. She absolutely Smith and Nephew all the way. And we're doing Formulary you would find that she wouldn't have anybody apart from Smith and Nephew so you're quite lucky Worcestershire. really have been I think."
operator said "Yeah I've spoken to they have said that they do use Allevyn when I get out now I know why is one"
customer said "And and we would always be part of the trials in the community. I mean she probably have four or five years ago now and when she was which is about 20 years. But yeah we would always be piloting a new dressings and things like that. And we I can remember Pisin Allevyn and all sorts of dressings we've done over time. For Smith and Nephew. Yeah. So I think it just sticks with the you know you it's just such a reliable product. Yeah. Although you know there are others out there but it always seemed to have just come up with the business really."
operator said "Yeah I mean as a team obviously as we've got we spoke to a lot of the people that were developing that was and what they were looking at and this a lot of passion. And what we're wanting to do well is because obviously we know that Allevyn is good and it works but how can we support you without using it? It's not just selling addressing. It's about providing a solution for you as a patient any more."
customer said "Yeah but I think I think you were the first to come out that we trialled in the community and and it's the one that we still continue to use you know or the ones that come out. And I just feel it's the one that we always you know we always use. And it's a project fit for purpose. And there's no need to really use anything else really because it works."
operator said "Yeah you know that's generally what we what we like to kind of do here at Smith and Nephew is that is that you kind of like you said and I'm glad you said that because exactly what we want we want a reliable product that you if you use it it's not going to be all over this patient. But I can't use it on this one. Is that it should be you should have that compatibility and all the things that you have to think and worry about."
customer said "Yeah."
operator said "You know we could do is make sure that we've got some things that you can just reach for without having to think twice."
customer said "Exactly. And and it's been out for such a long time now really a few years now. And you know and it's still it's still fit for purpose. And it's still like you say the first hand thing. Or if someone comes in with a wound it's the first thing we order. It's just it's just fit for purpose and all around us. So yeah we just yeah. We just continue to use it."
operator said "So glad to hear that I'm really glad that it's working so well for you and that kind of support that any support that I can give you around the dressings and what I would like to do perhaps give you my contact details."
customer said "Let me. Thank you. Yes."
operator said "Well I can drop you an email to you."
customer said "Oh yeah that's fine. Yeah. So I'm Deputy Deputy Dot Mowbray M0 WBAY. @ and it's meant to care group or one word at Monstercat group. At I 'm no I don't yet I don't know. Let me just say definitely don't make it right at the A. M."
operator said "U. K. don't UK that you can do everything to make sure that it was. And Mowbray That's correct. Yes I agree. Am"
customer said "I am I?"
operator said "Yeah oh yeah yeah yeah that's exactly what I'm going to do is I will send a question email that will have all the details in. And potentially I would like to spend some time with you just to have a chat around. We've got some non promotional wound training that we can do so it's kind of like an online portal so you need to log on to whenever they get the chance in between and just educate them on different areas around. skins tears, pressure ulcers, diabetic ulcers just to help them stay on top of things. But it doesn't mean that we're having to come in and take up that time."
customer said "That would be brilliant. That's what I'm after actually."
operator said "Brilliant and I'm so glad to hear that Michel. So what I'll do is I'll drop you an email. We can kind of keep in contact and then I can arrange a time with you whatever would be best for you. We can do a demo of the system."
customer said "Yeah that's absolutely fine. That's great."
operator said "That sounds great. Thank you so much Michel. I believe it's really nice talking to you."
customer said "Thank you my love speak soon."
operator said "Speak soon. Bye"