customer said "Hello good morning Minimal speaking. How can I help you?"
operator said "Hello Minimal. It's Antonia here from Smith and Nephew. I think I spoke very briefly but you're a bit busy the other day."
customer said "Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes."
operator said "Umm so just to say that these calls are recorded for training and monitoring purposes. Is that OK to continue?"
customer said "Can you do me a favor? Can you send me through the email rather than through the phone? Because I am still busy. Very busy, the unit."
operator said "Of course. Yeah I can you do that. If you can give me an email address."
customer said "I will give you the email address. You want NHS or the deputy manager."
operator said "I want sorry?"
customer said "I have two e-mails."
operator said "OK."
customer said "One is the NHS, which one you will be prefer? I will do the deputy manager."
operator said "It's completely up to you. So basically what the things that I can offer is some online training for the nurses that give CPD points. I can send you a link to that and then I can arrange to have a talk to you about other resources that we have if that's OK?"
customer said "That's absolutely fine."
operator said "It's just a five minute call just to kind of see where you're at. Are you using our Alleyvn gentle border et cetera et cetera. That's kind of all the call is."
customer said "OK. If it's five minutes I can continue the call. Yeah."
operator said "Oh OK. Let's do it now then. OK so so Minimal. So basically as I said you know there was a few resources. I'm part of a new team called the Remote Team of Smith and Nephew. We still have our other team out there on the ground but our team is set up really to support you all in different ways that we can online or on or on the phone. And so just to get a bit of understanding are you using Alleyvn gentle border?"
customer said "We are using Alleyvn gentle border. Yes."
operator said "You are using it. OK. And are you. Have you got any challenges with it? Are you happy with it? Have you got any questions?"
customer said "We are happy with the Alleyvn gentle, yeah."
operator said "Fantastic. And are you aware of all the different shapes?"
customer said "I know mostly everything, most of the things."
operator said "Yep, that's really good to know and I'm really pleased to hear that you're happy with it so that's good. What sort of wounds would you tend to use Alleyvn gentle border on?"
customer said "Pardon?"
operator said "What sort of wounds would you tend to use Alleyvn gentle border on?"
customer said "See I used to use for like the grade two sores."
operator said "Grade two sores. Yeah."
customer said "Then we have a more big sores like then we have something like primary inside then Alleyvn gentle border to cover."
operator said "OK. So as a secondary dressing."
customer said "Yes. A secondary dressing. Yes."
operator said "And may I ask what do you think about using it on a skin tear for example?"
customer said "Yes I am. I am using on the skin tear. We will use the Atrauman and we will cover with the Alleyvn gentle. Yes that's right."
operator said "Okay."
customer said "For good to continue."
operator said "That's okay. Because that's one of. Oh no. Yeah no that's fine now. That's good to know because umm one of the things that we've been sort of talking about his skin tears and I'm the way of treating them. And I think the new ISTAP advisory panel is sort of saying that we clean it with saline and then put on something like just Alleyvn gentle border. So it's not going to cause any more damage to the skin, you know that fragile skin."
customer said "Yeah because we will, we would take it take it out. It will cause more damage than Alleyvn."
operator said "Yeah and its so nice. Its so good to hear you saying that because I've been talking to some people and they've been using all sorts of things and I think oh no. Those poor patients. they all know"
customer said "And I said that it is one the best thing for me, skin breaks, skin flaps."
operator said "Aww absolutely. Well listen Minimal, thank you."
customer said "If you will leave it for up to five to seven days most of the time the sore is healed."
operator said "Absolutely, absolutely. You should be coming and talking for us. You're so good. No it's absolutely perfect. No what you're doing is great. And that's lovely to hear. Thank you so much. So so as I said in the beginning some of the things that we can offer you is we have something called Woundclub which is a really good online modules that gets the CPD points of of different wound cares. How to keep up to date with them treating them. And they can be used for all of the nurses in the home and they all just register online and do it in your own time. Is that something that you think would be useful?"
customer said "Yeah might be that its very useful but I prefer you should come most of the days look like that I think."
operator said "OK. So listen if you give me your email address I will pop this across whichever email suits you. Are you quite happy that we send the odd correspondent updates via that email for you?"
customer said "Please. Please. You send this please, yeah. I will give the email."
operator said "Thank you."
customer said "Deputy. D E P U T Y. Deputy Manager."
operator said "So P."
customer said "D E. Deputy."
operator said "Deputy. Oh yes, sorry. That's OK its not a very great line. Deputy manager."
customer said "Manager at Brione Park."
operator said "Brione Park. P A R K?"
customer said "Yeah."
operator said "Yeah."
customer said "Nursing."
operator said "Nursing. Its all one word?"
customer said ". co. uk. . co. uk. Fantastic. Deputymanager@brionepark. co. uk."
operator said "Brilliant. I will get that sent over for you. And what I'll do is I'll just follow up. It may be a day or two. Just make sure that you've got it. And I've got the email address. Correct? Yes. And make sure that you've got it. I did speak very briefly to one of your agency nurses. And if she does come back on again her name was Ali Bardella. And unfortunately she gave me an email address which just bounced back. So if you would be kind enough to if she does come back and she does want"
customer said "If she comes back I will tell her."
operator said "Send her the link. Absolutely."
customer said "No problem."
operator said "So its lovely to talk to you."
customer said "Thanks. Thanks."
operator said "I look forward to catching up with you and getting some feedback on on the on the modules. I hope that really useful for you all. And it's lovely to talk to you. Have a lovely day."
customer said "Thank you. Thank you. And catch up with you soon. All the best Minimal. Thank you for your time."
operator said "Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye."